Pro-Russian Rebel Leader Assassinated in East Ukraine	Alexander Zakharchenko, the leader of Russian-backed separatists of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic was killed on Friday in a blast at a cafe in downtown Donetsk. The official media arm of the unrecognized republic confirmed Zakharchenko's death – along with injuries to at least one other rebel government official – in an explosion it labeled a "terrorist attack." The assassination, the latest in a series against prominent pro-Russian rebels fighting in east Ukraine, risked reigniting already simmering tensions between Russia and Ukraine over the fate of a region that has emerged as a key flashpoint in the war in the Donbass. Russian President Vladimir Putin quickly issued a statement to the Kremlin website expressing condolences over the loss and denouncing the assassination saying it was an attempt to further derail stalled international peace talks aimed at ending a conflict that has killed over 10,000 since it began in 2014. "It is the latest proof: those who have chosen the path of terror, violence, (and) fear do not want to seek a peaceful, political solution to the conflict," said the Russian leader. "Instead, they put a dangerous bet on the destabilization of the situation, in order to put the people of Donbass on their knees. And that will never happen," added Putin. A statement by Russia's Foreign Ministry went further – placing blame for the assassination directly on the Ukrainian government in Kyiv. Ukrainian officials, in turn, said rebel infighting was to blame for the attack, while not ruling out a possible Kremlin motive. "We don't exclude attempts by Russian special services to rid themselves of a rather odious figure," said Igor Guskov, the head of the Ukrainian Security Forces, suggesting Zakharchenko may have crossed Russian interests in the region. Zakharchenko was a key figure from the beginning of pro-Russian rebels' push for independence in the Donbass – a movement launched in the wake of Russia's annexation of the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in 2014. He assumed the leadership post in April of 2014 – taking over the prime minister's post from Alexander Borodai, a political operator from Moscow whose role in the Donetsk uprising seemed only underscore suspicions of Kremlin involvement, if not direct sponsorship. "Crimea and the Donbass were part of Ukraine and now they're both de facto no longer part of the Ukrainian state," said Borodai, in an interview in Moscow earlier this year. "The Donbass ... ultimately, it will become part of Russia," warned Borodai. Moscow, however, insists it has no role in the Ukrainian conflict – describing Russian fighters involved in the war as merely passionate "volunteers" eager to defend the rights of Russian speakers following a street revolution that saw the overthrow of a pro-Russian government in Kyiv in February 2014. While the Kremlin has repeatedly called the Kyiv revolution a "fascist junta," it has slowly distanced itself from rebels' calls to formally recognize the republic amid a raft of western sanctions issued over Russia's actions in the region. 	military
EU to recommend abolishing daylight saving time 	BRUSSELS: The European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Friday said that following a large-scale public survey, the European Union (EU) is planning to propose ending twice-yearly clock changes. More than 80 per cent of EU citizens want to abolish daylight saving time and instead remain on the time used during summer, revealed Juncker as quoted by CNN. Currently, each EU member state puts clocks forward one hour on the last Sunday of March and back again on the last Sunday in October. According to CNN, Juncker told German broadcaster ZDF, "This debate about summertime, wintertime has been around for many years here. Many people are contributing to this debate. We did a survey, a public survey. Millions responded and think that in the future we should have summertime all year round. So that's what will happen. The people want this; we will do this." Only after legislation is drafted and is approved by the 28 member nations and the European Parliament, the change will come into effect. 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Lenovo IdeaPad 11.6-inch Laptop with Windows 10 for ₹16,502 only Microsoft Find the right Office 365 subscription for you, starting at ₹3,299 a year Microsoft iBall Excelance CompBook 11.6-inch Laptop with Windows 10 for ₹9,999 only Microsoft More from Gadgets & Gizmos Boxing body frets over AIBA Mar 31 deadline Visit site 	government
Trump cancels pay raises for federal employees	President Donald Trump told lawmakers on Thursday he was scrapping a planned pay raise for civilian federal workers, saying the nation's budget couldn't support it. In a letter to House and Senate leaders, Trump described the pay increase as "inappropriate." "We must maintain efforts to put our Nation on a fiscally sustainable course, and Federal agency budgets cannot sustain such increases," the President wrote. An across-the-board 2.1% pay increase for federal workers was slated to take effect in January. In addition, a yearly adjustment of paychecks based on the region of the country where a worker is posted -- the "locality pay increase" -- was due to take effect. Trump said both increases would no longer happen. "I have determined that for 2019, both across the board pay increases and locality pay increases will be set at zero," he wrote. He stressed the change wouldn't affect the federal government's ability to attract qualified workers, and wrote the government would focus on "recruiting, retaining and rewarding high-performing Federal employees and those with critical skill sets." The implications of Trump's decision on the locality pay increase were not immediately clear. Workers based in more expensive parts of the country are paid higher salaries to compensate for the higher cost of living. In his letter, Trump wrote the locality increase in 2019 would average 25.70% and cost the federal government $25 billion. But he did not say whether the locality adjustments already in place would remain in effect and the White House did not immediately clarify. Pay for military personnel will not be affected by Trump's decree; instead, US troops are due a 2.6% pay increase next year. Trump frequently trumpets the military pay raise while listing his administration's accomplishments. The raise came as part of a massive $716 billion defense spending bill that Trump signed earlier this month. That measure, along with a new two-year federal budget and tax cuts heralded by Republicans, have led to accusations Trump is ignoring the federal deficit, despite promising he would address it as president. The tax plan alone is expected to increase the deficit by $1.4 trillion over 10 years, according to a government estimate. Reaction from Democrats was swift, particularly those from states adjacent to Washington, where large numbers of federal workers reside. "Zero. This seems to be how much respect President Trump has for federal workers," wrote Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Maryland, in a statement. "It is outrageous and hypocritical that after spending billions of taxpayer dollars on unnecessary tax cuts for the wealthy and big corporations -- and as the President boasts about the 'great' state of the American economy, that suddenly the White House finds that there is zero money left to pay a minimal cost-of-living adjustment to the patriotic, dedicated public servants." While the Washington area contains the largest concentration of federal workers, only 1-in-6 civilian employees of the government live in the region. The state with the largest number of federal workers is California, followed by Virginia, Washington, DC, and Texas.	government
Contradictions Mount As Lawyer For Colorado Climate Suits Undermines Own Case	When David Bookbinder signed up to help Colorado municipalities sue the energy industry for the impacts of global warming, he claimed his purpose was not about climate change. But when he recently attempted to defend his role with those climate lawsuits, the Niskanen Center attorney not only contradicted himself but may have undermined the broader climate litigation campaign. Bookbinder – who was previously a climate-focused attorney with the Sierra Club – took an unconventional approach in his latest defense of climate litigation: he penned a guest commentary for the Federalist Society, an organization that has provided a forum for many who express skepticism about the validity of these cases. But Bookbinder’s latest comments may have done more harm than good, as they exposed a number of contradictions about his role and the environmental community’s litigation strategy. Let’s compare Bookbinder’s key claims against the facts. CLAIM: “The conduct at issue in the climate nuisance cases is that fossil fuel companies manufactured and sold their products knowing that when used as intended, they would disrupt the Earth’s climate system and then require wide-scale adaptation to the changed climate.” “This is property rights work, this is not climate work,” Bookbinder told Western Wire. “And if there’s climate litigation no doubt I’ll be involved in it. But this is property rights. Our climate work is primarily carbon tax issues in Washington. There may be litigation attached to climate work but we don’t think of these… as climate litigation.” Public records show that the Rockefeller Brothers Fund made a $200,000 grant in February 2018 for the Niskanen Center’s “climate program” and the Hewlett Foundation made a $300,000 grant in late 2017 for Niskanen’s “climate policy and litigation program.” Bookbinder announced his role as counsel in the Colorado lawsuit on April 17, 2018. When asked about half a million dollars in funding for his organization that was earmarked for climate litigation, Bookbinder was adamant that the Colorado case was about property rights, not climate change. But a few months later, Bookbinder is defending the “climate nuisance cases” by constantly referencing climate change and global warming. Bookbinder even argues that energy companies “knew” their products would “disrupt the Earth’s climate system and then require wide-scale adaptation to the changed climate.” FACT: Bookbinder argues that ordering energy companies to pay for climate change through the courts would essentially be the same as putting a tax on those companies, which would ultimately mean holding consumers and taxpayers responsible, as any costs from such a “tax” would be passed along to the end-user. Here’s a slightly different perspective: “[These cases] are not comprehensive attempts to address the long-term problem of climate change. They are simply attempts by local governments to have the people responsible for creating the problem to help pay to fix it, rather than foisting these increasing costs on their taxpayers.” (emphasis added) Who made the above comments? David Bookbinder, in the very next paragraph, after he argued that an energy-tax-by-court-victory would also “hold consumers responsible” in the form of higher prices. In other words, in the span of just a few hundred words, Bookbinder not only completely contradicted himself but arguably undermined the entire “public nuisance” rationale for these lawsuits. CLAIM: “Revenues from carbon taxes and emission trading systems could, of course, accomplish that end [i.e. putting the cost of mitigating climate change on energy companies rather than taxpayers], but no existing or proposed tax or cap & trade scheme uses revenues that way.” FACT: Not only has such a tax been proposed, but Bookbinder’s former employer, the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), was the organization that proposed it. Last February – when Bookbinder still worked there – the CLC proposed a carbon dividends plan that included (1) a gradually increasing carbon tax on fossil fuels producers, and (2) would return “all the proceeds…to the American people on an equal and monthly basis via dividend checks, direct deposits or contributions to their account.” Why Bookbinder would deny the existence of the CLC carbon plan is anyone’s guess, but it may have something to do with the fact that many of the companies that are part of the CLC are now defendants in cases brought by Bookbinder and other activists. It’s also possible that Bookbinder did not leave the CLC on the best of terms: the organization mysteriously dropped all mention of Bookbinder from its website after the attorney announced he was serving as co-counsel in the Colorado case. A cached version of the organization’s website shows him as having been publicly affiliated with the group as recently as April 4, 2018 – just two weeks before the Colorado municipalities’ lawsuit was filed. CLAIM: “Internal documents that have recently come to light establish that oil companies knew as early as 1956, and no later than 1968, what climate harms their gasoline would inflict on the planet—and either said nothing or, even worse, affirmatively denied (until very recently) that global warming was occurring or was caused by burning their products.” In the article, reporter Nathaniel Rich writes that the fossil-fuel industry is “a common boogeyman” whom many find convenient to blame for why action on climate change wasn’t taken sooner. But Rich found (as EID has reported previously) that pretty much everyone knew about climate change during the time period when Bookbinder is accusing the fossil fuel industry of concealing information from the public: The key part of Bookbinder’s argument is that the companies supposedly “said nothing or, even worse, affirmatively denied” the existence of climate change. As Rich’s article confirms, that claim is demonstrably false. CLAIM: “[D]ecades later, when [energy companies] finally acknowledge that their products are the dominant cause of global warming, their business plan is to increase production and sales, thereby making this problem even worse.” FACT: The conspiracy that Bookbinder is attempting to piece together here hinges on asymmetric information: the energy companies supposedly know more than the public and are selling them a product that will hurt them, but consumers don’t have the information to know better. Given the fact that every story about climate change manages to make headlines in newspapers on a daily basis, this theory is farfetched, to say the least. And as Nathaniel Rich confirmed in his article for New York Times Magazine, the idea that the public was left in the dark even half a century ago is similarly unsupported by evidence that can easily be found by searching Google. Not for nothing, natural gas production continues to drive down emissions and improve air quality. In fact, a recent report from the U.S. EPA found that greenhouse gas emissions have declined by 55 percent since 2005, all while natural gas production rose by 23 percent during that same time period. The U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has even connected the increased use of natural gas with declining GHGs in the United States. With three of the more prominent climate lawsuits having been recently dismissed, and the lawsuit brought in Colorado now removed to federal court – a move the plaintiffs are fighting against – one would expect Bookbinder and other plaintiffs to keep their heads down for fear of causing any more damage to their cases. His recent comments suggest the campaign is looking for any opportunity possible to try to salvage what’s left. Earlier this year, questions swirled about whether David Bookbinder had misled the public with his role in the Boulder climate lawsuit. The numerous contradictions and false claims in his recent commentary may only lead to increased scrutiny – not just on Bookbinder himself, but also on the activists who are struggling to keep their climate litigation campaign alive.	oil&energy
These Sassy Pyrex Storage Containers Are Perfect For Cooks With A Sense Of Humor 	Anyone who truly enjoys cooking knows that making food is more than just something we do to survive. Not only can it create joy and bring people together but, sometimes, it can even be an art form and a way to express yourself. Some people express themselves by making pies that are literally too pretty to eat. Others add algae powder to their toast to create mermaid colors. If all of that sounds a bit too intense for you, how about using your cookware to express your sassy side? From “Microwave & Chill” to “I <3 Leftovers,” the new “Eat Your Words” product line from Pyrex will give your meals a bit of personality without the need to make so much effort. And let’s just say, these are not your grandma’s boring old storage containers. You’ll find three sayings in 4-cup serving bowls with lids and one additional saying in a 3-cup rectangle dish. The round dishes retail for $6.29 and the rectangle dish is $6.49. All containers are made for refrigerator and freezer storage or for taking food on the go. The glass is pre-heated oven-, microwave-, fridge- and freezer-safe and the BPA-free plastic lid is refrigerator-, freezer-, microwave- and top rack dishwasher-safe. Perfect for storing leftovers you’ll be re-heating yourself while you binge some Netflix, this “Microwave & Chill” container holds four cups of your favorite leftovers. Perfect for showing off the real priorities in life is the “But First, Lunch” storage dish. Just pack up your lunch, stick it in the fridge at work and reheat it right in the bowl during your lunch break. Bonus: No brown paper bag with your name on it — everyone will know which lunch is yours! Who doesn’t love leftovers? Show your devotion to reheated food with the “I <3 Leftovers” storage dish. Not only can you store your leftovers in this dish, but they can be reheated and served from it too! If you’ve ever gone to a party where you don’t know many people and are hoping to break the ice, this 3-cup “Treat Yo’ Self” storage container is sure to do it. Just put whatever dish you’re bringing to the party in the container and you’re pretty much guaranteed some laughs.	food
Egypt looks to repatriate bodies of 2 Britons next week	CAIRO — Egypt's Tourism Ministry says the bodies of two British tourists who died under mysterious circumstances in the Red Sea resort of Hurghada are expected to be repatriated next week. Thursday's statement says autopsies of John and Susan Cooper's bodies are being conducted and the findings will be communicated to their family once a forensic analysis is complete. It says a team led by Egypt's top prosecutor is examining "in forensic detail all hygiene aspects" of the Steigenberger Aqua Magic hotel where the couple was staying. The team determined Saturday there were no toxic or harmful gas emissions in their room. The Cooper couple's deaths last week prompted tour operator Thomas Cook to evacuate its 301 customers from the hotel as a "precautionary measure." Egyptian authorities dismissed any criminal motive.	leisure&travel
'Aretha Truly Was One of a Kind': Al Sharpton Shares a Letter from Barack Obama	Former President Barack Obama wasn't on the star-studded list of speakers and performers at Aretha Franklin's funeral on Friday, but the Rev. Al Sharpton made sure everyone knew the former president was still thinking about her. Sharpton used some of his time to share a letter from Michelle and Barack Obama, reading aloud to raucous applause from the crowd in Detroit, Michigan. “Michelle and I extend our heartfelt sympathies to all of those who are gathered in Detroit, and we join you in remembering and celebrating the life of the Queen of Soul,” Obama wrote, as read by Sharpton. Obama praised Aretha's work as “the very best of the American story.” “Whether bringing people together through thrilling intersections of genres or advancing important causes through the power of song, Aretha's work reflected the very best of the American story — in all of its hope and heart, its boldness, and its unmistakable beauty.” “Aretha truly was one of a kind, and as you pay tribute, know we'll be saying a little prayer for you,” he wrote, “and we'll be thinking of all Aretha's loved ones in the days and weeks to come.” Obama paid tribute to Franklin earlier with a heartfelt statement. The legendary singer had previously performed for Obama at the White House, the Kennedy Center, and the 2008 presidential inauguration. Former President Bill Clinton was also present at Franklin's funeral on Friday, speaking of the close relationship both he and Hillary Clinton shared with Franklin. “We started out not as a president, a first lady, a senator, a secretary of state,” Clinton explained. “We started out as, like, Aretha groupies or something.”	entertainment
Finding the Balance Between Eastern and Western Medicine: A Conversation with Aviva Romm 	On a blustery Friday night in 2009, I received a call from my doctor’s office at 10 o’clock. The on-call physician beseeched me to go to emergency room, but informed me that I could not drive myself: I either had to take a cab or have a loved one take me. “We don’t know how you’re functioning,” he said. “We think you could have a seizure at any moment.” “I feel fine, though,” I replied. “I feel exactly the same.” For two years, I had been regularly visiting my general practitioner, complaining of fatigue and lethargy. I neglected to mention the depression and anxiety that had haunted me since childhood, as I assumed it was simply an unshakeable part of my personality. Whenever I saw him, I had the distinct impression that he thought I was either lazy or a hypochondriac (or both). He frequently told me that my plant-based diet was to blame for my malaise, and that if I started eating meat, I would feel better. I knew intuitively that my diet was not the problem, and told him that I’d felt better than I had in years when I gave up dairy, but he refused to acknowledge my symptoms as anything other than an exaggeration or overreaction—despite being aware of the thyroid cancer that had metastasized through my lymphatic system only a few years earlier, when I was 19. At age 25, in my first year of pursuing a medical humanities master’s degree, I began having memory problems, hand tremors, and inaccurate peripheral vision. As symptoms worsened, I visited my doctor’s office. My GP was off duty, so I was treated by a medical student on her first round through general practice. She took my symptoms seriously, drew three vials of blood, and told me that the practice would call with the results should they be concerned with anything in the results. Then that call came. The local hospital ran the blood tests three times, as the results were so startling that the doctors thought they could not be real. My blood calcium had dropped to what they considered to be a fatally low range. After spending eight hours waiting in the emergency room, an overworked physician told me the same thing my GP had: You need to change your diet. She sent me home with prescription calcium supplements, and when I came back to the office on Monday, after diligently taking the prescription, they discovered that my blood calcium had dropped even lower. When I told this story to Aviva Romm, she interrupted to say, “Your parathyroid function, though—surely they should have checked your parathyroid function!” And she was exactly right—with my history of autoimmune disease and thyroid cancer, my parathyroid function should have been an obvious place to go. Yet, far too often, preconceptions and cultural bias hold sway over patients’ stories and symptoms. It was only after the second blood draw that a doctor realized my parathyroid function was to blame. Within days of receiving a new medicine, I felt better. My memory snapped back; the hand tremors and bleary peripheral vision disappeared. The doctors hypothesized that my body had adapted (likely for years) until it could no longer cope. The body is so remarkable in its ability to find extraordinary ways to survive, even when key components of health are missing. My case, while medically phenomenal, is far from extraordinary. Aviva, a Kripalu presenter and author of The Adrenal Thyroid Revolution, believes that women with thyroid problems often fall through the medical cracks. After 25 years as a midwife, she earned a MD from Yale, specialized in women’s health, and anticipated that she would spend most of her time working with estrogen, progesterone, and fertility issues. Instead, she found herself repeatedly working with thyroid function. Woman after woman came to her exhausted—many with depression, weight gain, hair loss, a lack of sex drive and a basket of prescription antidepressants from other physicians. Many believed that they were going crazy. Aviva began her healing career as an herbalist midwife. As a teenager, she abandoned all processed foods and chemical home and body products. She hasn’t lost these natural roots since becoming an MD. (Her Instagram feed recently boasted a photo of her favorite healers: turmeric, lemon, and garlic.) Yet, she is keen to point out that marrying alternative and Western medicine is key to our wellness as a species. “Humans would never have pursued medicine if all the natural remedies worked all the time,” she says. “We live in such a complex time that all the best natural approaches cannot always cope.” When it comes to thyroid health in particular, she recommends that her patients get lab tests and diagnoses rather than solely treating symptoms naturally. Aviva believes that many thyroid and autoimmune diseases are rooted in environmental, nutritional, and emotional stresses. In her practice, she focuses on the modifiable contributors to thyroid dysfunction. How can we reduce stress? How can we nourish our bodies with every mouthful? Her focus is on how to activate the innate healing mechanisms of the body and bring into alignment what is currently out of alignment in women’s lives. Even after having dealt with thyroid dysfunction for the majority of my life (having been diagnosed with Hashimoto’s, an autoimmune disease, at 14), I still learned something new from Aviva: Artificial sweeteners have been shown to inhibit thyroid function. (I felt again vindicated in the all-natural diet that I adopted years ago.) Aviva believes that not only are women biologically more likely to have autoimmune and thyroid disorders (five times more likely statistically), but that women have also internalized oppression via cultural objectification of the female body. Needing to have a “beach body” or a “yoga body” is as deeply part of the problem as environmental endocrine disruptors. In effect, they are environmental endocrine disruptors, as women frequently internalize stress about the size, shape, and appearance of their bodies—and make unhealthy choices in pursuit of unrealistic ideals. In earning my medical humanities degree, and in my experience with physicians, it has become increasingly apparent to me that the lifestyles forced upon many Western medical doctors (having only a few minutes to diagnosis a patient; being overworked during long, sleepless shifts) is also symptomatic of the very cultures causing the disease. Our medical systems seem to mirror our disease systems. The physicians are not to blame, but I believe that the culture that created both their need and their intense fallibilities is. My teaching practice, years of a mindfulness practice, and getting on the right kinds of thyroid medications ultimately helped me to resolve my anxieties, which often manifested in a deep need to control. My personal advice to anyone suffering with a long-term disease, especially something as complex as an autoimmune disease, is to not only be an advocate for your health and to find the right care, but to also be patient. Knowledge accumulates over time. Your disease is part of your journey. Accepting this and growing both with and from this is key to a beloved lifetime. Years after my parathyroid episode, I ran into a woman who looked familiar to me, but I couldn’t place her. I asked her, “Do I know you?” She replied, “Well, I know you. You’re calcium girl.” My eyes widened with recognition. “You’re the GP!” She smiled and nodded, and went on to tell me that my case was the kind one never forgets in a medical career. “How are you?” she asked, wanting the real answer rather than the obligatory “fine.” “I’m really well. Thriving. Thanks to you. Thank you for taking me seriously.” She smiled. “You were your own advocate, too.” She told me she was moving from England to California with her husband and that she was, for the time, more focused on being a mom than a doctor. She was seeking balance in her life. As we parted, she said, “It’s good to see you well.” It’s good to be well. 	healthcare&biotechnology
Our planet is dyed red: Earth, as you've never seen it before	NASA released the map that showed dust, smoke, and sea salt in the atmosphere. But now NASA, using a model called the Goddard Earth Observation System (GEOS FP), has developed a graph that offers a panoramic view of the sources of these aerosols. Aerosols on the plot, all coded by color, worth at most important events unfolding on that August date.The raging wildfires that destroyed components of California produced shaded carbon particles, which track up in a dazzling crimson on the plot. Take a look at the stunning storm-filled rotation below. French and British fishermen clash in scallop war skirmish British fisherman Nathan Clark, skipper of the Joanna C, told the Daily Mail that they would not be intimidated by the French. A South West fisherman, who asked not to be named, told i late on Tuesday night: "It's all down to scallop stocks". There's nothing new to the fact that we wander from one cloud of dust to the next and that the air is full of black carbon soot from wildfires, salt wafting from the sea and dusty emissions from our heavy industry. Weather patterns can push clouds like these much closer to the ground, affecting air quality and causing problems for those with respiratory illnesses. Dust clouds marked on the map in purple. Once again, nightlight data indicates the locations of major cities, urban corridors and transportation hubs. Daily by us are dust clouds. Sea salt aersols, which seem as blue, swirl near Hawaii as Typhoon Lane approached the instruct. Like all climate models, the GEOS FP model relies on mathematical equations that represent physical processes to calculate the level of aerosols in our atmosphere at any given time. Mourinho demands respect in presser after Man U loss The result means United have started a Premier League season with two defeats in their first three games for the first since 1992. Jose Mourinho's future is hanging by a thread after Spurs ensured Manchester United got off to their worst start in 26 years. People underneath the aerosol clouds are unlikely to inhale anything harmful but the website says the potentially hazardous materials "have to come down somewhere". This information will also help scientists, governments and NGOs to develop mitigation strategies and plan for natural disasters that are expected in the near-future. 	null
NEW: Canadian, U.S. documents detail PBC teacher's alleged sexual assault of teen at wedding 	A former Hammock Pointe Elementary School teacher is accused of raping a teenage relative in April 2017 while they were at a family wedding outside Toronto, recently released federal and Canadian court records show. U.S. Marshals arrested Owen Headley, 55, on Wednesday morning at his Delray Beach home on charges of incest, sexual exploitation of a child and sexual assault. Canadian authorities filed those charges against him last year, records show. They stem from an incident at a Brampton, Ontario, hotel where Headley had booked a room for him and the 17-year-old to stay. The teen told authorities the room had two king-size beds. But Headley asked the teen to come over to his bed to give him a goodnight hug. He then wrapped his arms around the teen and inappropriately touched the teen before touching himself. He then allegedly raped the teen. The teen was “frozen with fear and disbelief at what was happening,” the 17-year-old told authorities. The next day Headley acted as if nothing had happened. He did, however, mention to the teen that he wanted to give the teen a home on the Caribbean island of Barbados. The teen thought the offer was a bribe. When they returned home — Headley to Florida and the teen to a Midwestern state — Headley sent the teen $200 and started to call regularly. During one call he told the teen to get checked by a doctor. About a month after the wedding, the teen saw a doctor and learned the teen had chlamydia. That’s when the teen confided to other relatives about what happened. The teen’s mother told authorities she believed the $200 Headley sent was hush money. The teen didn’t immediately report the incident out of fear that Headley would leave the teen in Canada. And the teen didn’t want to hurt Headley’s reputation as a teacher or within the family, the complaint states. RELATED Royal Palm teen charged in April crash that killed woman, 18 Peel Regional Police called Headley in May 2017 to inform him of the allegations against him. He said he would not return to Canada to face the charges. A judge in Canada signed a warrant for his arrest in September, and the Canadian Embassy formally requested that he be extradited to Canada in a diplomatic note dated May 2018. Authorities temporarily sealed records regarding his case out of fear he would “take measures to flee or avoid capture.” The U.S. Marshals Service said he hid in a back bedroom of his home Wednesday and refused to come out when they arrived to arrest him. He appeared in front of Magistrate Judge Dave Lee Brannon that morning. Brannon ordered he remain in custody at least until a pre-trial detention hearing scheduled for Sept. 6. He is set to return to court Friday for another hearing when he can have an attorney present. Palm Beach County School District authorities said Headley, who worked as a fifth-grade teacher at the suburban Boca Raton elementary school, was removed from the classroom when they learned of the allegations against him more than a year ago. Records indicate he has been on maintenance duties away from children. Headley has worked for the school district since 2009, records show. A Royal Palm Beach man is being held at the Palm Beach County Jail without bail after he allegedly punched a woman in the face, then fired two gunshots at her from a short distance, according to an arrest report. Tevin K. Benjamin, 25, is facing charges of attempted first-degree murder with a firearm and firing a weapon in public. Benjamin allegedly... Boynton Beach residents could see an increase in garbage rates during the next three years. The Public Works and Engineering Department proposed the price increase for residents in single family and multi-family homes so the city can maintain, repair and improve its waste removal system and afford increasing operation costs. BOYNTON BEACH READERS:... It’s the latest internet debate. Laurel and Yanny? Nah, the latest argument is whether an image looks like a door or a beach, The Huffington Post reported. A photograph shared online by Twitter user @rebeccareilly__ last week looks like a beach, with the water on the left side and the shore on the right. Others, meanwhile, believe... A Michigan woman was cleaning out her garage last week when she felt a pain that was “like a bee sting times 10” as she walked through her yard. >> Read more trending news It wasn’t a bee. Laura Bowen of Pinckney had been bitten by a rattlesnake, WXYZ reported. “It was instant fry,” Bowen told the television... 	education
Artist Ramiro Silva grapples with the isolation of immigration by painting people from his daily commute	“Sonder” is an internet word. The noun isn’t up Merriam-Webster’s sleeves, but Urban Dictionary says it’s “the realization that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own.” A sonder occurs when empathy suddenly takes a Louisville Slugger to both headlights and overwhelms you. This sensation is at the bottom of Ramiro Silva’s “Mundane,” the artist’s second solo show since immigrating to Chicago from Santiago, Chile, over four years ago. Opening Saturday at Positive Space Studios, the exhibition is a way for Silva, 31, to reconnect to the world after a year of battling depression. “It’s all based on people I see on the bus on my way to work. You have this routine of getting up early, getting in the bath, going to work every day,” Silva said in a phone interview. “At some point, you see the same people on the same bus at the same time. I was having a really weird year and going through several issues and troubles. Then, I just sort of wondered, ‘I see this person daily — do they have of the same struggles?’ When I see them, they’re sitting on their phones, but I don't see if they get to work and like it or not, or if they go back home and face big issues.” Ramiro Silva photo These routine encounters, mired in the mundane, inspired him to imagine and create what lies beyond a “first layer of a person.” There is a quiet social exchange threaded throughout the process, as he used painting to wrestle his mental health. “I've been struggling with depression, being far from home, the whole social and political times we’re living in,” Silva said. “This stuff gets to you when you're far away and don't have anyone around. I am here with my wife and my kid, but at the same time, it's just a few of us in a place where we don't know anyone. It’s been really lonely, and I’ve been trying to solve my life and get out out of this crazy depression period I've been experiencing.” Silva isn’t alone in these feelings. According to the American Psychological Association, the mental health field has been slow to examine the specific chemistry of immigration and mental health. “There is no evidence in the literature that immigrants are any more likely to experience mental illness or psychological distress than non-immigrants, taking into account who does and does not seek treatment,” the organization writes. In turn, the APA observes that when immigrants do experience mental health difficulties, it is often due to obstacles specific to the immigration experience. The APA notes that xenophobia often prevents acculturation on a macro-scale, which inhibits folks from trusting and using mental health resources. On an individual level, the abstract portraits became a way for Silva to reconnect with the world, with rigid geometry standing in for the tedium of schedules and effervescent colors expressing the uniqueness of each individual. Silva’s background in graphic advertising is apparent in the work’s exactness and mechanical qualities. “A person sitting is a cube, but that person and that cube have a story,” he said. “If you see my work, it's going to show a cube, but it's also going to be the back story of that person. The work has been a way for me to see my own issues in other people.” He calls the creation therapeutic, as the work becomes “a weird interpretation for me and my issues, my own person.” Silvo is interested in deceptive aesthetics, and this show has enabled him to consider how his own appearances don’t necessarily reflect the churning of his internal wheels. “I’m a person who always dresses in black — I am super dark — but all of my work is pink and teal and super bright colors,” he said. “I think that's another way of showing that internal feeling, to express that what's inside of you isn't the same as what's within.” Though the artist initiated his practice with mixed media, he’s been gradually drawn toward traditional painting with acrylics exclusively. "It's trying to be positive, and it's also me trying to reconnect with myself, as I try to 'heal.’ The whole show is definitely me trying to transform my negative, just putting whatever I'm thinking into a piece of canvas.”	arts
September is International Balloon Month	Sharing smiles and Smart Balloon Practices are the focus of this year's #LiftUpSomebody campaign which is part of the International Balloon Month celebration. Information contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.com The #LiftUpSomebody campaign inspires people around the world to "thank" someone special in their community by giving them balloons, and then share those moments of joy on social media. The campaign also encourages people to promote and follow the motto: "Don't let go: Inflate. Weight. Enjoy." "Giving balloons to important people in our community such as firefighters, care givers and teachers, helps spread goodwill and demonstrates the positive power of balloons. This also provides a great opportunity to increase awareness of the proper ways to use and handle balloons, so they don't wind up in places where they don't belong," said Lorna O'Hara, Executive Director of The Balloon Council which sponsors the #LiftUpSomebody campaign. "Simple practices such as always weighting balloons, popping and disposing of them after the celebration, never inhaling helium, making sure children are always supervised when playing with balloons, and most importantly never releasing balloons, are just some of the tips we are encouraging people to share," explained O'Hara. Schools and community youth groups are encouraged to take the "Faraday Pledge Card Challenge" and compete to see which organization fills out the most pledge cards. The pledge is part the national "Meet Faraday: Smart Balloon Practices" campaign that is travelling around the U.S. to educate communities about smart balloon practices. The Balloon Council is a non-profit organization made up of responsible retailers, distributors, and manufacturers dedicated to educating others about the wonders of balloons and the proper handling of them. 	null
Panalpina awarded GDP certification in Bogota	Panalpina Bogota has been certified to WHO Good Distribution Practice (GDP), the company’s 31st location to obtain the standard for distribution of medical products for human use. The unit in Colombia’s capital completed a two-day audit by inspection, verification, testing and certification company SGS. Colombia is Latin America’s fourth largest pharmaceutical market after Brazil, Mexico and Panama, with most major international pharmaceutical companies doing business in the country. Among the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in terms of revenue, there are also a handful of Colombian players with domestic production, mainly of generic medicinal products, with 82 per cent of Colombian pharmaceutical imports and 47 per cent of exports travelling through Bogota. Panalpina managing director for Colombia, Angelo Dotto says: “We are proud about this achievement, and this is great news for our healthcare customers who demand strict quality and temperature control measures in the supply chain to ensure the safety and integrity of their products.” Panalpina entered the Colombian market in 1962 and has its head office in Bogota, with offices in Medellin, Cali, Cartagena, Barranquilla and Pereira, as well as an agent office in Buenaventura. The company offers pharma companies with international air and ocean freight as well as value-added logistics services, with Dotto commenting: “We see great growth potential in this business area, considering that the growth rate of this industry in Colombia is five per cent per year.”	transportation
No Alcohol for the True Believers	We know that zero vision and zero harm are all about belief, this was displayed proudly at the World Congress on Safety (https://safetyrisk.net/zero-vision-as-propaganda/). Zero Vision and Zero Harm are ideologies based on absolutes for fallible people. Well here is one for the cult of zero harm. Let’s see who the true believers are. Extensive research has now confirmed that any level of alcohol consumption is harmful (https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-45283401). A new global study published in Lancet demonstrates that even a small level of alcohol is harmful. The old thinking that all is reasonable in moderation is now plainly wrong. If you really believe in zero then alcohol has to go. This means no alcohol at zero vision and zero harm conferences, let’s see who the true believers are! Otherwise, all these claims to be believers in zero are meaningless nonsense. Of course, absolutes directed at fallible people is nonsense (https://www.humandymensions.com/product/fallibility-risk-living-uncertainty/). Zero ideology offers no hope for humans (https://safetyrisk.net/no-hope-for-humans-in-zero-harm/). There is no movement in zero, no tolerance in zero and no exceptions in zero including harm by alcohol. One either believes in zero harm or one makes exceptions for harm and only believes in selective harm. Lets see what they stock in the fridges and what is the liquid of choice at the next Global Safety Conference Dinner because they have set the benchmark. Ah, selective zero harm! God bless the true believers. The final comment in the article makes most sense “Come to think of it, there is no safe level of living, but nobody would recommend abstention.”	null
Veteran pass-rusher Elvis Dumervil retires	Some veterans want to wait until training camps are over to come back for another go-round. But Elvis Dumervil has decided the week before the season he won't be coming back again. The veteran pass-rusher announced his retirement after 12 years in the league, calling it a "difficult decision to step away from the NFL [more] 	sports
Florida Primaries Recap, Housing And Health, Future of Public Transit in Miami-Dade & Art Studio 	After a hard-fought gubernatorial primary on Tuesday, Florida announced its two candidates running for the governor’s seat: On the Democratic side, Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum and on the Republican side, Congressman Ron DeSantis. Sundial talked to CBS Miami's Jim DeFede about the primary election and what the results mean going forward. Listen Listening... 49:09 Listen to today's show. In recent months, the issue of affordable housing has made headlines. WLRN Reporter Nadege Green has reported on the state of public housing in Riviera Beach and found the Stonybrook Apartments faced major environmental problems, including mold and water damage. Miami Herald’s Joey Flechas reported on housing units with no air conditioners and learned that it is not required in public housing across Miami-Dade County. Flechas and Green join Sundial for a conversation about health concerns in public housing. The Miami Dade County Commission is set to vote on Aug.30 on the future of public transit in the county’s southern corridor. The commission will decide whether to pay for bus rapid transportation or an expansion of the Metrorail. Former Miami Mayor Alex Penelas joined Sundial to give some historical context to the half-cent tax that was passed during his tenure that was intended to be used for future transit projects. A new arts incubator in Palm Beach County, Studio 411, will offer free resources for artists including paint brushes, shop classes and Art lectures – all intended to get their creative juices flowing. One of the classes will be a studio series called “Creative Entrepreneurs” that will provide marketing, business and professional growth mentorship for artists trying to make a living in the art world. Artist, Amanda Linton and Studio 411 Director, Joyce Pernicone joined Sundial to discuss the new arts incubator and mentorship programs.  	null
DAR TV: 11 Pivotal Wrestling TV Shows 	At one time, wrestling was quite possibly the biggest thing in the world. The Attitude Era and the WCW vs WWF era proved to be integral in the growth of the business and during this period of time, wrestling would reach an ultimate peak that it will likely never see again. Over the years, wrestling has seen so many different television programs, some good, some bad, some iconic, and today, we wanted to take a minute and show some love to the wrestling world and the television shows that made an impact. Let's take a look at 11 pivotal wrestling shows that made their mark. -25 years. Countless episodes. WWF Monday Night RAW, WWF RAW Is War, WWE RAW, whatever you want to call it, it has been the flagship program in the entire world of wrestling for a long time and is one of the longest running shows in television history. While RAW isn't that great now and I'm not an avid watcher, I do believe that RAW is the single most important program in wrestling history. In the Attitude Era, RAW was everything to wrestling fans and over the years, it has remained the one constant that fans gravitate to when they come back to watch. A casual fan knows Smackdown to an extent, but most casual fans know and can remember moments from RAW. Stone Cold, The Rock, Chris Jericho's debut, Mick Foley, Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker, and so many more were vital pieces of RAW and for that, there is no show in wrestling history that meant more. -So, Smackdown has become the other flagship program in wrestling and with 19 years of being on television, it shows little sign of slowing up. The 1000th episode is on the way and there is the chance that this show gets to make it to 1500 or 2000 episodes. The fact that Smackdown exists next to RAW as an equal in stature almost and has been virtually better than RAW for the last 15 years says more than enough about the quality of the show. 2002-2004, Smackdown was clearly the better show. 2008-2010, Smackdown was clearly the better show, and since 2016, it has clearly been the better show. For that alone, Smackdown is iconic and has so many classic matches in its history. *WCW Monday Nitro -I loved WCW at one point. I mean I really loved the company. I would watch Nitro faithfully from the first show in Minneapolis with Lex Luger making a huge appearance to the very last episode of the program that featured both past their prime wrestlers Ric Flair and Sting doing battle one last time. In between the beginning and end, the show would give us countless moments, heel turns, championship changes, classic matches, iconic debuts, and of course, the most important of them all, the NWO. Nitro would win the ratings war for two years straight almost showcasing how powerful their programming was before dropping the ball themselves. There are so many moments for WCW Nitro that remain great but my favorite is either Sting and his random appearances to fight the NWO or Goldberg beating Hulk Hogan. Regardless, Nitro was the essential WCW TV program and the one that really mattered. -There aren't many wrestling shows that would treat itself like an actual TV show or fictional film. Lucha Underground makes sure that it does just that and to perfection almost. The usage of dynamic storytelling and even more engaging characters and personalities to draw wrestling fans in and non-wrestling fans in works well enough, but make no mistake about it, the wrestling is the most important part of the show. From the high flying theatrics to the violent segments that make the crowds go wild, Lucha Underground has something special that has done wonders not only for the Lucha style of wrestling, but for wrestling in general, as the show would end up on Netflix, marking a huge moment for the business in any event. -So, IMPACT Wrestling has made a turn for the better in recent memory, and they've started to get their footing again, but there was once a time where TNA couldn't get it right. When they originally announced their TV deal years ago, it seemed to work well enough. Decent ratings considering, a nice roster of legends and some good talent all around, IMPACT gave fans an alternative and seemed poised to be around for a while even. After the weekly PPV model wore off for TNA, IMPACT carried the torch and only saw a fall off when they began to try and compete with WWE directly. Regardless, IMPACT has sustained over the years through Dixie Carter, Jay Lethal impersonating Flair, Jeff Jarrett, Main Event Mafia, the most epic Scott Steiner moments, and somehow it is still here. For that, IMPACT is without a doubt a pivotal program in wrestling TV history. *ECW Hardcore TV -There weren't always programs that truly garnered the attention of wrestling fans, but one local promotion that would create a show that brought in viewers is ECW, with their seven year run in syndication for their Hardcore TV program. The show would run in various cities, with mostly New York and Philly being the two biggest markets for it. The show would eventually hit other markets as well, notably in the Midwest and a little in the South (minimally in the West Coast too), but the East Coast was still the major domain for all things extreme. They used to sell VHS tapes of Hardcore TV and allowed you to keep all of the outrageous occurrences and matches in your collection. Truth be told, Hardcore TV was way more relevant and prevalent than the watered down joke that ECW on TNN would become. If you want to experience the real ECW, check the WWE Network today and enjoy some of those episodes and moments. -A show that was essentially a jobber program, WWE Velocity was like the Shotgun Saturday Night or the WWF Superstars of the Ruthless Aggression Era. The show would feature a number of wrestlers who would grow to become legends like Daniel Bryan, AJ Styles, but also featured some wrestlers who were less than legendary like Paul London, Bob Holly, Shannon Moore, Nunzio, Rene Dupree, and more. Velocity was quite as bad as Shotgun Saturday Night or Sunday Night Heat, but it was pivotal in showcasing wrestlers that might not get the popular time on the two main programs from the company. *Ring Of Honor Wrestling -9 seasons and over 360 episodes later, ROH TV has become something special, utilizing the Sinclair Broadcasting Network to keep itself afloat for quite sometime. After arriving in 2009, the show would take on a life of its own, pushing some of the best wrestlers in the world to the forefront and trying to push the show to the next level. As an avid watcher, I would find Kevin Steen, Jay Lethal, and The Briscoes to be huge reasons for the success of ROH and their television programming. One could also credit Tyler Black and other names that pushed ROH in the post Samoa Joe, CM Punk, and Daniel Bryan era, and one could only wonder what a TV deal for ROH could have meant for that Joe/Punk/Bryan era. ROH TV is necessary and despite a few budgeting and presentation issues here and there, it has remained a consistently good show for years. -Taped at the Disney MGM Studios in Orlando, this show essentially set a tone for how the smaller programs in WWE would become later on and how TNA does their IMPACT tapings. It was not your traditional wrestling show and as a result, it caught some flack, mainly for having short matches and a lack of big time talent regularly. Regardless, Worldwide looked interesting with a cool arena setup and from 1992-1996, the show managed to showcase some good talent and some not so good in the WCW pool. I always remember the rotating ring and how phony the crowd seemed, as this was comedic and interesting all the same. WCW Worldwide was not a classic show, but it was important and pivotal in its own way for sure. *WWE Saturday Night's Main Event -So, WCW Thunder and WWE Saturday Night's Main Event are the final two choices on the list. Why? Because they represented something that could not be duplicated: wrestling on television on different nights of the week than expected. While Saturday Night's Main Event might have seemed like it was featured on a smart night, Saturday has always been seen as a bad night for television. Back in the late 80's however, people would flock to their TV to watch whatever Macho Man Randy Savage and Hulk Hogan were up to on a regular basis. The show wasn't anything special necessarily, but it did serve as the primary television programming for WWF before RAW took over that slot some years later. The show would get rebooted sometime later as the WWE wanted to see if wrestling on a Saturday could really work. They now employ that strategy with the once every two months NXT big Takeover shows that they do, but I would not be against a possible redo of this program now on the Network as well. -In essence, this show sucked. It represents the beginning of the end and the greed that WCW had after taking over the ratings war with WWF. They got overzealous and decided they needed more programming. That was not the right move and they would pay dearly for it in the long run, however, without WCW Thunder, I'm a big believer that WWE Smackdown would have never existed. Thunder took over Thursdays and pulled in decent ratings, but once Smackdown arrived on Thursdays in 1999, it was pretty much a wrap. Still, Thunder had a ton of top talent on the show, some title changes, and some cool moments, earning it the right to make this list. None of these wrestling shows are perfect, but they are all pivotal in one way or another to the business for sure. 	null
Could garlic be the answer to beating antibiotic resistance? 	The compound ajoene has been created in a laboratory for the first time, raising hopes it could now be manufactured at low cost and on a large scale. Antibiotic resistance has been labelled one of the most urgent threats to public health by medical professionals. Download the all-new Microsoft News app – available now on iOS and Android They fear a rise in drug-resistant super bugs could become a reality, caused by an overuse of antibiotics. Related: What is Antibiotic Resistance? (Provided by Liverpool Echo) But the new findings could help combat the threat after ajoene, a colourless liquid which interferes with the chemical communication signals between bacteria, was synthetically created for the first time. The results of the Cardiff University-led research have been published in leading chemistry journal Angewandte Chemie. “The remarkable antibacterial properties of this compound have shown great promise and we hope that this new breakthrough will accelerate efforts to produce ajoene in large volumes and better test its effectiveness as a therapeutic drug.” Related: 12 'Healthy' Habits That Can Actually Be Harmful (Provided by Cheapism) AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	healthcare&biotechnology
Jason Seamon honored at Mahomet Seymour High School	(WAND) - Mahomet Seymour high school is honoring one of its alums in its Friday football game. The school is honoring Jason Seaman, A Noblesville, Indiana teacher. Seaman was shot three times while tackling a student shooter in may at an Indiana middle school. Coming soon, the Chicago Bears, Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Rams also have plans to honor him in the near future. 2018-08-31T00:27:52Z 2018-08-31T00:27:51Z DECATUR, Ill. (WAND) - A man is behind bars after leading police on a high speed chase. Timothy C. Hollgarth was arrested and charged with burglary to a motor vehicle, criminal damage to property under $300, fleeing/eluding police and driving while license suspended. Police made the arrest around 1:20 P.M. August 29. On April 14, Decatur Police responded to a burglary to a motor vehicle around 3 A.M.. Responding officers at the scene observed a dark blue Nissan with the partial lice... LEBANON, Ohio (WAND) - An Ohio man is charged with raping another man who was found naked, bloody, and holding a knife. URBANA, Ill. (WAND) - An Urbana doctor is believed to be missing in Rocky Mountain National Park. (WAND) - This morning, Friday, August 31, a body was found by Rocky Mountain National Park Search and Rescue ground team members west of Keplinger’s Couloir at 12,600 feet in elevation, in extremely steep, rugged terrain. Boulder County Coroner’s office will not release positive identification until completion of an autopsy. However, it is believed that the body is that of Jens “Jay” Yambert, 60, of Urbana, Illinois. Based on this aftern NEW JERSEY. (WAND) - A family who raised $400,000 for a homeless veteran is being forced to pay him the money after holding it for themselves A New Jersey judge issued the order Thursday during a hearing on the lawsuit brought by Johnny Bobbitt , who worries Mark D'Amico and Katie McClure have mismanaged a large part of the donations raised for him on GoFundMe. The couple deny those claims, saying they're wary of giving Bobbitt large sums because they fear ... URBANA, Ill. (WAND) - Former President Barack Obama is coming to the Champaign-Urbana area for a visit to the University of Illinois next week. The Illinois Department of Children and Family Services' inspector general is investigating whether caseworkers "missed opportunities" to ensure better supervision at the Chicago home where 10 children died in... 	education
Milby fingerprint analysis complete, next hearing scheduled	DIXON – A fingerprint analysis for the Dixon High School shooter is complete, and the state's attorney is requesting discretionary sentencing in the case. Additional prints were taken from Matthew A. Milby Jr., who appeared via video in Lee County court Friday, following Judge Charles T. Beckman granting the state's motion Aug. 10. State's Attorney Matt Klahn said he's waiting for the report to be released by the Illinois State Police, which is the lead investigating agency. He also filed paperwork Aug. 17 to seek discretionary consecutive sentencing, and defense attorney Thomas D. Murray said he's in the process of filing a response to the measure. Certain charges carry mandatory consecutive sentencing, meaning the sentences must be served back to back rather than at the same time. Discretionary sentencing would leave it up to the judge to decide with charges that don't require consecutive sentencing. Murray said he is also working on motions calling for a forensics expert and an expert to speak on behalf of changing the venue for the case. Milby, 19, charged in the May 16 shooting, pleaded not guilty July 27 to amended charges: three counts of attempted murder, and four counts involving aggravated discharge of a firearm. The first attempted murder charge involves shots fired at school resource officer Mark Dallas, and carries 20 to 80 years in prison, with a potential 20-year enhancement. The other two involve shots fired at gym teacher Andrew McKay; each carries 6 to 30 years in prison, plus 20 years. The first two counts of aggravated discharge of a firearm carry 10 to 45 years; the other two 6 to 30 years. All require 85 percent of any sentence levied be served. Milby is in Lee County Jail on $2 million bond. His next pretrial conference is 10:30 a.m. Sept. 28. The DHS senior took a 9mm semi-automatic rifle to graduation practice in the Lancaster Gym shortly after 8 a.m. that Wednesday morning, fired at McKay, a gym teacher who happened to be walking down the same hallway, then took off running seconds later when confronted and pursued by Dallas. Milby fired at Dallas outside the gym; the Dixon police officer returned fire, hitting Milby in the upper shoulder and the hip. Milby was arrested near his car, which he had parked in Page Park west of the school. No one else was injured.	null
How Successful People Lead: Taking Your Influence to the Next Level (Unabridged)	In this perfectly quick listen, #1 New York Times best-selling author John C. Maxwell explains how true leadership works. It is not generated by your title. In fact, being named to a position is the lowest of the five levels every effective leader achieves. To be more than a boss people are required to follow, you must master the ability to inspire and invest in people. You need to build a team that produces not only results, but also future leaders. By combining the advice contained in this audiobook with skill and dedication, you can reach the pinnacle of leadership - where your influence extends beyond your immediate reach for the benefit of others. Derived from material previously published in the Wall Street Journal best seller The 5 Levels of Leadership. Follow us on @AppStore. Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more. 	evergreen
Serena Williams moves into third round, will take on sister Venus	Serena Williams made it through to the third round of the US Open on Wednesday, setting up a clash with sister Venus. The two former world No 1s will meet for the 30th time in their illustrious careers after the 23-time Grand Slam champion Serena won 6-2 6-2 in the opening match of the night session on the Arthur Ashe Stadium. Six-time champion Serena eased into Friday's third round encounter against her sister with a 6-2, 6-2 win over German world number 101 Carina Witthoeft on the back of 30 winners and 13 aces. Venus was not interested in reminiscing about past battles with her sister when asked about their most memorable match, describing herself as "the kind of person that looks forward". It will be their sixth face-off in NY. Stephens is defending a grand slam title for the first time and had to battle through her nerves and past qualifier Anhelina Kalinina, finding herself a set down and two games from defeat before turning things around to win 4-6 7-5 6-2. She changed her outfit - and lost the following match. In contrast, Witthoeft who also had five break points of her own on Williams serve, could only convert one of those. They've played each other in the finals of all four Slams, including at the US Open in 2001 (when Venus won) and 2002 (when Serena did). "We regret that a Code Violation was assessed to Ms. Cornet yesterday", the statement said. "She does, too. It propels us to continue to play that for the tournament". A day later, as Cornet returned to the court following a 10-minute break from the 100-degree heat, she seemed to realize that her shirt was on backwards. "I'm going to get the information first and then we see if we make a revolution or not, '" said Cornet. Of course, I was surprised when I just changed T-shirt really quick and he gave me the code violation, I didn't expect it, and I told him it was pretty weird. The USTA admitted they were wrong to hand Cornet a warning for slipping off her shirt on court after realising she had put the garment on back-to-front during a heat break. The incident drew immediate criticism on Twitter. "I've been wearing trousers in general a lot when I play, so I can keep the blood circulation going". "When you take that agency away from athletes.it says a lot about who feels they have control", McManus said.	sports
NCAA clears Michigan State after Nassar, football, basketball inquiry	EAST LANSING — Michigan State received a letter from the NCAA this week that cleared it of any potential violations in the wake of Larry Nassar's abuse and allegations of sexual assault against the school's basketball and football programs, according to the university. Jonathan F. Duncan, the NCAA’s vice president of enforcement, wrote to new MSU athletic director Bill Beekman, “that it does not appear there is a need for further inquiry.” “We welcome closure in regards to the NCAA inquiry,” Beekman said in a statement. “MSU cooperated fully with the inquiry over the past several months and provided all requested documentation and access to key personnel.” From March: Michigan State basketball looks bad, NCAA looks worse with latest report The process was not a formal NCAA investigation, and Duncan said the organization will continue to monitor the situation at MSU. “Based on available information, it does not appear there is need for further inquiry,” he wrote. “Should additional information become available, the enforcement staff will review this information with the institution to determine whether further inquiry is necessary.” Oliver F. Luck, at the time an NCAA executive vice president of regulatory affairs, sent then-MSU athletic director Mark Hollis a letter of inquiry on Jan. 23 about the situation involving Nassar, the former MSU sports medicine doctor, who sexually abused hundreds of women and girls, including some who were MSU athletes, under the guise of medical treatments. Luck has since moved on to head up the new incarnation of the XFL, the professional football league. More: MSU to NCAA: Nassar abused 25 student-athletes, but 'no NCAA rules violations' Hollis resigned three days after receiving the letter on Jan. 26, the same day an ESPN report detailed allegations of sexual assaults against football and basketball players from the past decade. The NCAA opened a second review after ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” report and a Free Press investigation. MSU basketball coach Tom Izzo and football coach Mark Dantonio both issued statements late Wednesday afternoon about the NCAA’s letter. “Throughout my career, I’ve always placed the utmost priority on winning the right way," Izzo said. "As I said in February, when faced with disciplinary issues, I’ve handled those in accordance with all appropriate policies and procedures. After a very thorough review, the NCAA provides confirmation that our program has done that.” “I have never wavered in my belief that we have done things the right way here at Michigan State," Dantonio said. "As I have stated earlier, we’ve always tackled our problems head on and have dealt with issues. We welcome the findings by the thorough NCAA investigation that our program has acted properly with all policies and procedures.” Michigan State coaches Mark Dantonio, left, and Tom Izzo. (Photo: Rey Del Rio, Getty Images) In his initial letter to MSU, Luck had cited NCAA bylaw 20.9.1.6 on “The Commitment to Student-Athlete Well-Being,” and bylaw 2.2.3 on “Health and Safety” as the reason for his organization’s inquiry. MSU responded on March 23 and told the college sports' governing body it felt no violations of NCAA legislation occurred. Duncan wrote Beekman that the NCAA’s inquiry and review “has not substantiated violations of NCAA legislation” in either the Nassar situation or the football/basketball allegations. Beekman said MSU is “committed to following all appropriate policies and procedures.” “Today’s findings provide external validation of Mark Dantonio and Tom Izzo and the way they administer their programs,” Beekman said. “Mark and Tom represent the athletic department and Michigan State University with integrity.” Along with Hollis, President Lou Anna K. Simon also stepped down in late January in the wake of the Nassar scandal. Former gymnastics coach Kathie Klages was arraigned Thursday on charges that she lied to police. “In regards to the crimes committed on our campus by Larry Nassar, the NCAA findings do not change a thing,” Beekman said. “NCAA member organizations have a specific set of rules to which we hold each other accountable. And while we agree with the NCAA that we did not commit a violation, that does not diminish our commitment to ensure the health, safety and wellness of our student athletes. That pledge permeates everything we do as part of a larger university commitment to making MSU a safer campus.” Nassar, the disgraced former MSU sports medicine doctor, was convicted of 10 sexual assault charges between Ingham and Eaton counties for sexually abusing more than 250 girls and young women and currently is serving a 60-year federal sentence for three child pornography convictions. At least a dozen former Spartan athletes — from the gymnastics, volleyball, rowing, softball and track and field programs — were among the women and girls who gave victim-impact statements in January during Nassar’s sentencing hearing in Ingham County Circuit Court. Cate Hannum, a former MSU rower who was one of Nassar’s victims, disagreed with Dantonio’s statement on Twitter late Thursday afternoon. “Maybe in his little football bubble (though I somehow doubt that) this is true,” Hannum wrote, “but through out the MSU athletic department there is a deeply systemic problem with coverups, silencing victims, and enabling abuse.” On Jan. 22, one day before Luck sent the NCAA letter, MSU trustee Joel Ferguson was on a Lansing radio station and laughed at the idea of the NCAA investigating MSU. He subsequently apologized for his comments. “This is not Penn State,” Ferguson said, referring to the Jerry Sandusky sex abuse scandal from several years ago. "They were dealing with their football program. ... They're smart enough to know they're not competent to walk in here on this.” NCAA President Mark Emmert told the Free Press in March that his organization wanted to let other investigations into MSU play out. “Because there are so many governmental organizations already working there, we’re trying to respect the boundaries of law enforcement, (the Michigan) attorney general, now the Department of Education wants to weigh in, there is potential Congressional investigations, et cetera,” Emmert said. “We don’t want to get in the way of any of those things. And we are going to work with them and communicate with them as this all unfolds.” Emmert added: “Here is a wonderful university with so much great tradition and such a great academic institution. To be embroiled in this is really, really shocking for everybody. We are going to work with all of the officials and do everything we can to make sure we understand what is going on.” 	sports
Middlefield Canadian Income PCC: Net Asset Value(s)	As at the close of business on 30 August 2018 the estimated unaudited Net Asset Value per share was 121.16 pence (including accrued income). Investments in the Company’s portfolio have been valued on a closing price basis.	finance
Kunde Malbec – A Smooth and Savory Splurge	A luscious Malbec from Sonoma Valley, the Destination Series Kunde Malbec. The Kunde Malbec is 100% Malbec from Sonoma Valley, California. The wine was aged in small French and American oak cooperage (24% new) for 19 months. Sample submitted for review. The Destination Series Kunde Malbec sells for $35 (Saturday Splurge) and is currently only available directly from Kunde. From the bottle: Malbec as a grape variety has quickly become a favorite here at Kunde Family Winery. Grown in the volcanic hillside soils, the black fruit flavors offer richness and structure to this food friendly wine. The complex tannins and bright acidity make it the perfect match to barbecued meats or your favorite wood fired pizza. 14.5% Alcohol We love Malbec and while what we typically enjoy comes from Argentina, one of the more exciting things happening with this variety are the examples coming from places like California and Washington. Today we have another good one with the 2014 Kunde Malbec, part of their Destination Series of wines from Sonoma Valley. The wine begins with an inviting aroma of black cherry, plum, spice, and lots of vanilla from its generous amount of time in oak. It tastes smooth and delicious in the mouth with lots of savory dark berry fruit beautifully laced with spice notes. It also features a wonderfully luscious mouthfeel and great balance. The wine ends dry with long-lasting tart plum notes that resolve into lingering touches of vanilla and tobacco. I’d recommend decanting this one, or at least taking your time with it, as it continues to get even better as it has more air. (Also, an indication that it would likely age nicely in your cellar for a few years.) 	food
All-American Rejects chosen for Wartburg College Large Event	WAVERLY, Iowa (KCRG-TV9) -- Wartburg College has announced the All-American Rejects will be performing in Levick Arena on October 7 for the college's Large Event. The All-American Rejects are known for their songs "Move Along," "Dirty Little Secret," "Gives You Hell," and "It Ends Tonight." The band hasn't released an album since 2012, but they have released singles, including their 2017 song "Sweat." Opening for All-American Rejects will be Keelan Donovan, whose most-recent single is "Like a Radio." Tickets will be available at $20 each for the general public when the website for the event launches in September. The website for the event, http://www.wartburg.edu/AAR, will go live at 8 a.m. September 8 for fans to buy tickets. The concert is set to start at 8 p.m. with doors opening for the event at 7 p.m. The All-American Rejects are expected to begin at 9 p.m. The event is hosted by Entertainment ToKnight, an on-campus organization that brings social, cultural and educational opportunities to the college. 	entertainment
Kipnis hits 3-run homer, sends Indians past the Twins	CLEVELAND — Jason Kipnis kept watching and hoping. Kipnis’ high drive barely cleared the right field wall for a three-run homer that broke a sixth-inning tie and sent the Cleveland Indians over the Minnesota Twins 5-3 on Thursday. Usually, when it’s close, Kipnis said he tries to study “the outfielder and see how big his eyes are getting or if he’s timing up a jump. Once the fans’ arms go up, mine goes up with them.” Kipnis, who has struggled offensively most of the season, lofted a 2-2 pitch from reliever Alan Busenitz that was just out of the reach of leaping Max Kepler. The homer came two batters after Yonder Alonso’s tying single. The AL Central-leading Indians opened a 14-game margin over second-place Minnesota. Cleveland is 31-11 against division opponents, and needed this win to beat the Twins 10-9 in the season series. Mike Clevinger (10-7) allowed two unearned runs in 6 2/3 innings. The right-hander struck out nine and gave up four hits. Brad Hand, the Indians’ third reliever, allowed a leadoff homer to Miguel Sano in the ninth. Mitch Garver drew a one-out walk, but Hand struck out Jake Cave and Tyler Austin for his 30th save overall, and sixth since being acquired from San Diego at the trade deadline. Cleveland reliever Cody Allen, who allowed two runs in the seventh inning and was the losing pitcher Wednesday, was booed when he entered the game with one out in the eighth. The frequent closer walked Logan Forsythe, but retired Robbie Grossman on a flyball, causing some fans to rise to their feet and begin cheering. Forsythe was thrown out trying to advance on a pitch in the dirt. Jake Odorizzi (5-9) was charged with three runs in 5 1/3 innings. He was pulled following one-out walks to Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion. “I assumed I was staying in the game,” Odorizzi said. “I thought I had more in me, but that wasn’t the case. I thought I had a pretty good game going. You’re one pitch away from getting out of the inning.” Ehre Adrianza hit a two-run homer in the fifth that gave Minnesota a 2-1 lead. The drive came after Ramirez misplayed a routine grounder to third base. Encarnacion’s RBI single put Cleveland ahead in the fourth. Clevinger appeared to be hit in the upper leg by Forsythe’s grounder in the fourth, but recovered in time to throw him out at first. Clevinger limped around the mound, but stayed in the game after throwing a few warmup pitches. Carlos Carrasco was struck on his glove hand by Adrianza’s line drive Tuesday, but also remained in the game. Carrasco missed three weeks after being hit in the right elbow by Joe Mauer’s liner in June. Clevinger threw 114 pitches, his third-highest total of the season, and believes manager Terry Francona is gaining confidence in him. “I think I said this early, but it’s a hard man to get his trust,” Clevinger said. “He’s been around a while and really knows the game, so you’ve really got to earn it here. Especially with the staff that’s before me, it’s pretty clear why you have to earn it.” Twins left fielder Eddie Rosario pulled up after beating out a groundball later in the fourth. He stayed in the game despite having a noticeable limp, but was removed in the bottom of the fifth with a strained right quad. The Twins employed a four-man outfield against Ramirez in the first with the bases empty. Adrianza moved from shortstop to left field, leaving no one playing on the left side of the infield. Ramirez lined out to Kepler, who was shaded near the line and moved a step to make the catch. “We talked about it before the series, just trying to gather what players will do against it,” Twins manager Paul Molitor said. “You could tell by Ramirez’s reaction, he had to take it all in and step out of the box.” “It shows you the impact Josey is having against the league,” Francona said. “But if teams do that, Josey’s going to bunt a double. Josey’ll end up on second one way or another.” Ramirez stole his 29th base of the season in the seventh inning and has 33 doubles. Trainer’s room Twins: SS Jorge Polanco (hamstring/leg cramps) was held out of his third straight game, but performed some light running on the field. He was injured Sunday against Oakland. Indians: RHP Nick Goody (sore elbow) will have arthroscopic surgery Friday. He’s been out since May 3. Twins: LHP Stephen Gonsalves (0-2, 11.37 ERA) takes on Rangers RHP Drew Hutchison (2-2, 6.52 ERA) as Minnesota continues its nine-game road trip. Indians: RHP Corey Kluber (16-7, 2.91 ERA) faces Rays RHP Tyler Glasnow (0-1, 3.80 ERA) in the opener of a three-game series.	sports
Gilat Satellite Networks (GILT) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub	BidaskClub upgraded shares of Gilat Satellite Networks (NASDAQ:GILT) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday, August 7th. Separately, ValuEngine downgraded shares of Gilat Satellite Networks from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a research report on Friday, April 27th. Get Gilat Satellite Networks alerts: NASDAQ:GILT traded up $0.01 during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $8.99. The stock had a trading volume of 12,100 shares, compared to its average volume of 18,383. The company has a quick ratio of 1.56, a current ratio of 1.77 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.04. The company has a market cap of $488.27 million, a P/E ratio of 33.00 and a beta of 0.95. Gilat Satellite Networks has a twelve month low of $5.43 and a twelve month high of $9.30. Gilat Satellite Networks (NASDAQ:GILT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, August 7th. The communications equipment provider reported $0.06 EPS for the quarter. The firm had revenue of $66.51 million during the quarter. Gilat Satellite Networks had a net margin of 3.46% and a return on equity of 6.80%. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of GILT. Deutsche Bank AG lifted its position in shares of Gilat Satellite Networks by 59.2% during the 4th quarter. Deutsche Bank AG now owns 20,918 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $161,000 after acquiring an additional 7,776 shares during the period. Jane Street Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Gilat Satellite Networks during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $188,000. Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new stake in shares of Gilat Satellite Networks during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $985,000. Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. acquired a new stake in shares of Gilat Satellite Networks during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $1,879,000. Finally, Ramsey Quantitative Systems lifted its position in shares of Gilat Satellite Networks by 17.9% during the 2nd quarter. Ramsey Quantitative Systems now owns 42,189 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $388,000 after acquiring an additional 6,420 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 15.28% of the company’s stock. Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides broadband satellite communication (Satcom) network solutions and services worldwide. The company operates through Commercial, Mobility, and Services divisions. The company designs, manufactures, and provides network management and equipment for Satcom, as well as professional services to satellite operators and service providers. Further Reading: Google Finance Portfolio Receive News & Ratings for Gilat Satellite Networks Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gilat Satellite Networks and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 	finance
MLS Week 27 Player Picks: Peeling Back the Curtain	An abbreviated slate is presented once again in game-week 27. Thankfully, there are eight teams playing during the double game-week (DGW), so we can field an entire lineup of players expected to feature twice. On the surface, no team in the DGW has two really tasty match-ups. In fact, the Wednesday night games look like they will test the nerves of fantasy managers everywhere. F.C. Dallas versus San Jose Earthquakes is the only uneven game on the docket, and even then Dallas is going to be playing on the road. However, the opportunities are juicier once you pull back the curtain and peek at the weekend schedule. Getting to that point, though, could be a little treacherous. Games are starting to pile up for teams as we get closer to the business-end of the schedule. New York Red Bulls are coming off of a DGW last week, and D.C. United are playing catch up, having a whole host of games-in-hand due to the opening of their new stadium. As a fantasy manager, I am hoping that the chase to get into playoff positions sees the starters continuing to get the bulk of the minutes down the stretch. Again, with the less than ideal matchups in this DGW, I am looking for cheaper alternatives to buoy my defense, this week. Michael Murillo, New York Red Bulls ($7.0m) Murillo was the first name on my defensive line, as he is the cheapest member of the stout Red Bulls backfield. Due to a suspension last Wednesday, he only played one game last week, so I expect him to make both starts in week 27. He does not really fit the cut-price mold, but his clean sheet opportunity combined with his attacking potential seals the deal for me. Meynor Figueroa, F.C. Dallas ($6.0m) The F.C. Dallas defense has been a bit frustrating this season. They have a solid defense, which should have better clean sheet returns this season. They have returned seven clean sheets so far, along with eight games where they have allowed only a single goal. Figueroa is the cheapest option on that backline, though Ryan Hollingshead, F.C. Dallas ($5.0m) deserves a shout if he comes into the starting eleven. I would play either of these players on my bench, however has there has been some rotation from Oscar Pareja. Jack Elliot, Philadelphia Union ($5.8m) Again, the cheapest asset from a Union team that has been playing well lately. Their road form has been spotty at best. But, facing a D.C. United side that looked fatigued against the Red Bulls last weekend, and an Orlando City S.C. side that is missing multiple key contributors, lead me to have optimism for two strong performances. Elliot is coming off back-to-back games in which he has helped Philadelphia blank their opponent, not to mention the prior game in which he netted a brace. Justin Morrow, Toronto F.C. ($6.5m) The Toronto F.C. defense has been poor this season, but Morrow’s activity provides an opportunity to pile up bonus points at both ends of the field. Since returning from injury, the Reds defender has provided three assists, one coming last week, and a goal. The Toronto attack appears to be rounding into form, which can only help Justin Morrow’s scoring potential in this DGW. There are only a couple forward options that intrigue me this week, further cementing this idea of loading up in the midfield. Sebastian Giovinco, Toronto F.C. ($12.5m) Currently, Seba is the only forward in my lineup. He is not certain to stay there, either. Dylan Butler of mlssoccer.com has Giovinco listed as questionable after limping off early over the weekend. Toronto are in desperate need of points in their pursuit of the playoffs. You will have to keep an eye on the lineups to ensure he starts in the first game of the week. You could find yourself in a real pinch, should he not make the starting eleven in the last game, Wednesday evening. I do believe he has the highest scoring potential of any forward this week, health permitting. Bradley Wright-Phillips, New York Red Bulls ($9.9m) BWP being under $10.0m seems criminal to me. He rewarded us with a goal last week, and he should have tallied one in their second game as well. The risk that comes with the New York striker is rotation in the midst of back-to-back game-weeks. Thankfully, unlike Giovinco, Wright-Phillips plays in the first game, which will help with the decision making from that point forward in the week. It is worth starting him on your bench if he makes the eleven for the first game Wednesday. Wayne Rooney, D.C. United ($10.8m) The questions that surround the two forwards above do not surround Wayne Rooney. He may be the safest of the forward options this game-week. He is doing double-duty for the D.C. attack, both scoring and providing. If D.C. United do well over this DGW, Rooney will have done so, as well. Corey Burke, Philadelphia Union ($8.3m) Burke is my favorite bargain striker this week. Philadelphia appears to have found a way to fit both him and C.J. Sapong into the same lineup. Burke is the better striker of the two, netting a goal last week. With the uncertainty of the other, more expensive, striker options, Burke looks to be a nice play, if you want to squeeze two forwards into your lineup. Portland’s talisman should be the first name on every manager’s team sheet this week. They take on a leaky Toronto defense at home, then take on an Los Angeles F.C. side that is in transition, via Laurent Ciman’s departure from MLS. Valeri could very well have his hand in multiple scoring returns for the Timbers this week. Daniel Royer ($10.0m) or Kaku ($9.3m), New York Red Bulls Take your pick here. If you need the extra cash, take Kaku. If you want the goal-scoring upside, take Royer. Or, if you prefer to take the player in the center of the park, the needle points back to Kaku. Perhaps you can find room for both, I have no qualms with either, this week. Borek Dockal, Philadelphia Union ($10.9m) The Union’s number-ten has been a breakout star in the fantasy community, this season. His playmaking ability in the potent Philadelphia attack has yielded great, consistent, returns all season. Dockal has accrued six assists in his last six games, plus a generous haul of bonus points to accompany that. Philadelphia’s away form this season has been worrying, but I think their current form overcomes that in week 27. Luciano Acosta, D.C. United (10.0m) For the same reasons as Wayne Rooney above, I like Lucho this week. Acosta has a knack for seeking out the ball in the attacking third, then picking out the key pass that leads to many of United’s scoring opportunities. He is a pure playmaker who will be needed to unlock some solid defenses if D.C. United want to continue their charge for a playoff spot. If you wanted to save a little cash while exposing yourself to the D.C. games, Paul Arriola ($7.5m) has looked threatening the past couple of games; he just hasn’t put the ball in the back of the net. Michael Barrios, F.C. Dallas (9.0m) I do not know how he keeps doing it, but he found the scoresheet again. My only analysis is ride the hot-hand. The match-ups this week are quite appealing. I think the attacking half of the field is going to be the source of big moves in the standings this week. There are plenty of dilemmas at the striker position, and the varying budgets will test managers’ abilities to splash the cash for some of MLS fantasy’s best talent. Wednesday’s games could leave managers questioning their decision making, heading into a weekend where the best opportunities for large point hauls reside. We will not know until that curtain is peeled away. Where is the focus of your team this week? What players have you made a priority in the DGW slate? Let us know in the comments below! Rate My Team: FPL Wildcard Played I’m putting my Fantasy Premier League Wildcard chip into play this week. Am I a joker or a king? When Should You Use Your First-Half FPL Wildcard Chip? Red cards, injuries and poor performances have given many Fantasy Premier League managers itchy trigger fingers. Should you play your first-half unlimited transfer wildcard now, or is it wiser to hold off and save it for later? Week 4 Official FPL Player Picks: Turnaround Time! Week 3 was a big letdown in failing to provide the points that the opening two weeks had provided for many, but it did bring things further into focus. Which players can provide a turnaround for your official Fantasy Premier League sides in Week 4? Week 3 FPL Player Picks: Slowly Peeling the Onion Following an exciting and illuminating second weekend of Premier League action, things slowly come more into view, with an eye toward Manchester City rotation, offensive defensive forces, and penalty kick situations. Who are the best Official fantasy player picks in Week 3 and hopefully beyond? 	sports
Hendrix's walk leads Trenton to 3-2 win over Reading 	TRENTON, N.J. (AP) -- Jeff Hendrix drew a bases-loaded walk in the first inning to give the Trenton Thunder a 3-2 win over the Reading Fightin Phils on Friday. Trey Amburgey scored after he reached base with a single, stole second and then went to third on a walk by Wendell Rijo. The walk by Hendrix capped a three-run inning for the Thunder that started when Gosuke Katoh hit a sacrifice fly, scoring Bruce Caldwell to cut the Reading lead to 2-1. Reading had a runner on first in the top of the ninth, but a runner was thrown out to end the game as Matt Wivinis earned his fourth save of the season. In the top of the first, Reading scored on a double by Damek Tomscha that brought home Austin Listi. In the following at-bat, Darick Hall hit an RBI single, scoring Tomscha to give the Fightin Phils a 2-0 lead. Jordan Foley (4-4) got the win with four innings of scoreless relief while Reading starter Blake Quinn (0-2) took the loss in the Eastern League game. This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http://www.automatedinsights.com) using data from and in cooperation with MLB Advanced Media and Minor League Baseball, http://www.milb.com	sports
REVEALED: SCIENCE BEHIND WORLD'S LIGHTEST GRAPHENE WATCH	In January 2017 the world’s lightest mechanical chronograph watch was unveiled in Geneva, Switzerland, showcasing innovative composite development by using graphene. Now the research behind the project has been published. The unique precision-engineered watch was a result of collaboration between The University of Manchester, Richard Mille Watches and McLaren Applied Technologies. The RM 50-03 watch was made using a unique composite incorporating graphene to manufacture a strong but lightweight new case to house the watch mechanism which weighed just 40 grams in total, including the strap. The RM50-03/01 launched in June 2017 The collaboration was an exercise in engineering excellence, exploring the methods of correctly aligning graphene within a composite to make the most of the two-dimensional materials superlative properties of mechanical stiffness and strength whilst negating the need for the addition of other, weightier materials. Now the research behind this unique watch has been published in the journal, Composites Part A: Applied Science and Manufacturing. The work was primarily carried out by a group of researchers at The University of Manchester’s National Graphene Institute. Leading the research Professor Robert Young said: "In this work, through the addition of only a small amount of graphene into the matrix, the mechanical properties of a unidirectionally-reinforced carbon fibre composite have been significantly enhanced. "This could have future impact on precision-engineering industries where strength, stiffness and product weight are key concerns such in as aerospace and automotive." A product of leading graphene research with precision engineering The small amount of graphene used was added to a carbon fibre composite with the goal of improving stiffness and reducing weight by requiring the use of less overall material. Since graphene has high levels of stiffness and strength, its use as a reinforcement in polymer composites shows huge potential of further enhancing the mechanical properties of composites. The final results were achieved with only a 2% weight fraction of graphene added to the epoxy resin. The resulting composite with graphene and carbon fibre was then analysed by tensile testing and the mechanisms were revealed primarily by using Raman spectroscopy and X-ray CT scans. The benefits of this research demonstrate a simple method which can be incorporated into existing industrial processes, allowing for engineering industries to benefit from graphene mechanical properties, such as the manufacture of airplane wings or the body work of high-performance cars. The research group discovered that when comparing with a carbon fibre equivalent specimen, the addition of graphene significantly improved the tensile stiffness and strength. This occurred when the graphene was dispersed through the material and aligned in in the fibre direction. The characteristics of graphene was compared to carbon fibre to measure stiffness and strength Dr Zheling Li, a University of Manchester Research Associate said: "This study presents a way of increasing the axial stiffness and strength of composites by simple conventional processing methods, and clarifying the mechanisms that lead to this reinforcement." Aurèle Vuilleumier R&D Manager at Richard Mille said: "This project is a perfect example of technology transfer from the university to the product. The partnership with McLaren Applied Technologies allows a broad diffusion of graphene-enhanced composites in the industry. As a tangible result, a world record light and strong watch was available for our customers: the RM 50-03." Dr Broderick Coburn, Senior Mechanical Design Engineer at McLaren Applied Technologies said: "The potential of graphene to enhance composites’ structural properties has been known and demonstrated at a lab-scale for some time now. This application, although niche, is a great example of those structural benefits making it through to a prepreg material, and then into an actual product." Dr Broderick Coburn of McLaren Applied Technologoies performed material characterisation The University of Manchester will soon be celebrating the opening of its second world-class graphene facility, the Graphene Engineering Innovation Centre (GEIC), set-to open later this year. The GEIC will allow industry to work alongside academic expertise to translate research into prototypes and pilot production and accelerate the commercialisation of graphene. 	null
Guerin Emig: Taylor Cornelius good in OSU opener, but he must dare to be great 	STILLWATER — Let’s rewind to this quote from Mike Gundy’s opening week news conference: “We’re going to throw the ball down the field deep. I mean, it might not look good, but we’re not going to stop doing that. That’s what we do. That’s who we are. Hopefully we’ll hit a percentage of them. “We have a pretty good idea of how many we need to hit. But we’re gonna chunk it down the field a bunch and see what happens.” Get unlimited access to everything orange and black. Start a digital subscription for only $0.99. Sign up now. Oklahoma State quarterback Mason Rudolph might be gone, the thinking went, but belief in the arm of Rudolph heir apparent Taylor Cornelius was strong. My follow-up question to Gundy at that press conference: Anything make you nervous about Cornelius ahead of the opener against Missouri State? The coach shook his head. Do you need to see him complete a certain pass for you to know for sure what you have? “He can throw ’em all,” Gundy replied. “I’m not nervous about him at all. I’m really not. I’ve been wrong before a lot of times in my life. But I’m not concerned one bit with him.” OK. Now let’s apply Gundy’s words to Cornelius’ actions in OSU’s 58-17 stroll past Missouri State on Thursday night. The 22-year-old rookie starter made a lot of throws. He took his time appraising the field and checked down to open receivers. He showed pass rush awareness. He went 24-of-34 for 295 yards, five touchdowns and one interception. But, no, Cornelius did not make all of the throws. He did not make the biggest, baddest throw in the OSU arsenal, the play that Mason Rudolph and James Washington deployed to scare the devil out of defensive coordinators the past three years. He did not complete a single bomb off a deep post, fly pattern or fade route. Cornelius’ longest completions through the first three quarters were short balls that running backs Justice Hill, J.D. King and Chuba Hubbard carried longer. He did find receiver Jalen McCleskey for a 29-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter, but it was improvisational, a play made possible when Cornelius avoided pressure and Missouri State lost track of McCleskey. When Cornelius finally quit settling for easy stuff and uncorked a 40-yard post in the second quarter, he underthrew wideout Tylan Wallace. The pass should have been intercepted. Two plays later, Cornelius overthrew another deep post to open target McCleskey. The next time we saw Cornelius go even medium deep, he barely overthrew Dillon Stoner on a 32-yard would-be touchdown. “He’s aiming, not throwing,” one wise press box scribe said. “He’s laying up,” another golf-wise writer noted. He was playing, well, like a first-time starting quarterback. Taking the safe route. Safe was effective Thursday night. Cornelius’ stat line was nothing to sneeze at. Besides, when you have backs like Hill, King, Hubbard and JD King, you don’t necessarily need to spend the night taking foolish chances. But there will come a time that OSU receivers must complement those backs. Wallace, McCleskey, Stoner and Tyron Johnson are too good, and too explosive, to keep catching 8-yard outs. Cornelius must find those targets more often, and a lot farther down the field, to beat Boise State in two weeks, then overcome what awaits in the Big 12 Conference beginning in October. Gundy isn’t removing his beloved bomb from the OSU playbook. It’s too important a part of his offense. It’s too important a part of his identity as one of college football’s beautiful offensive minds. That makes it just as important that Cornelius master the art of the deep ball from here.	sports
This ’65 Vette is an 8-second player with a pro stock heart	001-1965-black-corvette-drag-race-car-photo-john-machaqueiro.jpg 002-jack-small-1965-corvette-black.jpg 023-gear-vendors-midnight-drags-1965-corvette-wheelie-photo-jesse-kiser.jpg 021-1965-corvette-drag-race-car.jpg 016-1965-corvette-race-car-interior-auto-meter-gauges.jpg 019-1965-corvette-original-equipment-door.jpg 009-corvette-weld-drag-racing-wheels-front.jpg 020-lenco-transmission.jpg 006-corvette-airbrushed-emblem.jpg 003-big-block-race-engine-reher-morrison.jpg 11/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 012-corvette-rear-end-wheelie-bars.jpg 12/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 013-moser-rear-end-nine-inch-afco-shocks-adjustable.jpg 13/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 014-1965-corvette-race-car-interior.jpg 14/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 015-1965-corvette-race-car-interior.jpg 15/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 017-1965-corvette-door-interior.jpg 16/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 011-1965-corvette-hard-top.jpg 17/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 010-goodyear-drag-racing-tires.jpg 18/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 008-black-corvette-hood-scoop.jpg 19/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 007-1965-corvette-hood-scoop-black.jpg 20/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 005-black-corvette-hardtop-race-car.jpg 21/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 004-black-corvette-convertible-hardtop-race-car.jpg 22/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 022-1965-corvette-burnout-beech-bend-raceway-midnight-drags-photo-jesse-kiser.jpg 23/23 SLIDES © Hot Rod Network Staff 018-1965-corvette-race-car-interior.jpg 23/23 SLIDES When folks think about their retirement years, most plan to pick up a fishing rod, do some traveling, or maybe spend time with the grandkids. We think Jack Small has a much better idea. After putting the wraps on a successful career as a millwright, Small isn't taking retirement sitting down. Instead, he has rebuilt this 1965 Corvette he's owned since 1974 into one of the most beautiful 8-second cars we've ever seen. And Small is no slouch behind the wheel, either. At the Midnight Drags Presented by Gear Vendors Overdrive during the Car Craft Summer Nationals this year, Small took his Corvette all the way to the final round in the big-tire class where the rulebook could be written on a business card. The Owensboro, Kentucky, native put down consistent 5.6-second eighth-mile passes, but in the finals he was a definite underdog against Bryant Goldstone's twin-turbo AMC Javelin that had already run in the 4s. Research the new Chevrolet Corvette on MSN Autos But by being a little crafty and staging early to keep Goldstone from being able to spool the Javelin's turbos completely, Small was able to make a surprisingly competitive race of it. In the end, the Javelin's monster power still squeaked out a 0.04-second win, but it was far from the blowout many expected against Small's naturally aspirated Corvette. Making the runner-up finish even more impressive is the fact that the '65 looks pristine without the usual array of scrapes and dings normally found on any race car. That's because this is more than just any car for Small. "My wife and I got married in this car," he explains. "I first bought the Corvette in 1974. I'd only had it a little bit before my wife, and I drove it from Owensboro, Kentucky, to Tennessee to get married and then drove it home. I've had the same wife and the same Corvette ever since. It's been a good car and a good marriage!" Although Small bought the Corvette as a daily driver, it didn't stay that way very long. He says he began tearing it down about six weeks after his wedding to rebuild into a race car, and by 1976 it was running 6.50s in the eighth-mile on the original 327 V8 with a tunnel ram, competing in both the E/Gas and F/Gas classes. Unfortunately, that didn't last. Small says he eventually parked the car to make more time for his growing family. That happens to a lot of racers who do the right thing and prioritize family first, and we won't fault anyone for that. But after his retirement, Small decided to drag the Corvette back out of mothballs and get back into racing. "I wanted to redo the car and update it once I decided to get back into racing again," he says. "That was back in 2009 that we started tearing down the car, and the build lasted until 2011. I've been racing it ever since." The new race-car build started with a trip to BRC Race Craft in Newburgh, Indiana, where Matt Wright built a custom chassis for the fiberglass Corvette body. Small says the car is now basically a Pro Stock race car with a stock body on top. And, amazingly, Wright and Small were able to make it all work while keeping a ton of the original components. The dash is carbon fiber, but much of the rest of the car is very much stock. The Vette has the original-equipment windshield and roll-up door glass, as well as the doors and door panels. Small is even still running the very same headliner that was installed on the assembly line all the way back in 1965. Motivation is no longer provided by the original 327 V8 that came in the car. Instead, a 509ci big-block sits between the framerails. Interestingly, despite the growing trend for turbo setups, Small chose to stay old school. This rat remains naturally aspirated with a single 1,050-cfm four-barrel carb on top. The engine was originally built by Reher Morrison Racing Engines. The recipe includes a Dart block, Dart Pro1 cylinder heads, Manley valves and connecting rods, Ross Pistons, and a Scat crankshaft. The compression ratio is right around 14:1, and with 116-octane race fuel burning in the combustion chambers, that translated to 850 hp. But that was six years ago, and after last season, Small decided it was finally time for a rebuild. Out came the rat, and over it went to Laws Mayfield in Owensboro, Kentucky, for a refresh and update. Small says Mayfield did some port work to the cylinder heads, added Jesel shaft-mount rocker arms, a Jesel beltdrive timing system, Sniper intake, and a new Comp Cams solid roller camshaft with 0.801-inch lift. With the updates, Mayfield managed to find approximately another 100 hp in the rat, and it now makes 945 hp. To help move the power to the ground, Small uses a Ram flywheel and clutch, and connected to that is a real-deal four-speed Lenco transmission in all its multi-levered glory. "It's so nice, I love driving it with that transmission," Small says. "You just sidestep the clutch and yank, yank, yank. It's just so much fun." Out back the car sits on a Moser 9-inch fabricated housing. Its guts are stuffed with a 4.86 gearset spinning 35-spline axles. Adjustable Afco shocks manage suspension movement on all four corners, and Wilwood brakes handle the deceleration duties. The Corvette was originally red from the factory, and Small says he campaigned it that way for years, but for the updated build, he had Chris Gish of Henderson, Kentucky, lay down the flawless black paint job. The emblems on the car aren't real but masterful airbrush work done by artist Steve Miles. At the Midnight Drags we watched Little make 5.69 runs all night long on the eighth-mile. On quarter-mile blasts, Small says the little Corvette will just as consistently run high-8-second times. "It is so much fun to drive," he says. "The way it is set up, it drives straight down the track like it's on a rail. That's a good thing because I can get some volunteer help if I need it, but a lot of times I'm just out here by myself. For the Midnight Drags, I spent more time polishing the car than I did working on it. All I did was check the air in the tires, keep fuel in it, and make passes. I don't fool with that motor, all I do is make pass after pass and run the same number. I didn't even pull a valve cover all weekend. When I got back home with the car in the shop, I did pull the valve covers to check the lash, and every rocker was right where it should be. "That's what makes drag racing fun for me," he adds. "I enjoy the people at the track—well, most of them, anyway. And I enjoy driving the car. I'm not trying to set the world on fire, but I do enjoy winning some races. I'm just an old guy coming out here to have some fun." Tech Notes Who: Jack Small What: 1965 Chevrolet Corvette Where: Owensboro, KY Engine: The 509ci big-block was originally built by Reher Morrison and recently refreshed by Laws Mayfield out of Kentucky. It is built around a Dart block with a Scat crankshaft, Manley connecting rods, and Ross pistons making 14:1 compression. The cylinder heads are Dart Pro1s that Mayfield has ported and polished, and they are assembled with Manley valves and Jesel shaft rockers. Naturally aspirated with a Sniper single-plane intake and a Holley 1,050-cfm carb, this rat made 945 hp on the engine dyno. Chassis: Matt Wright of BRC custom-built the chassis for performance and figured out how to set the Corvette body on top and make it all fit. Small says it is basically a Pro Stock race car with a true stock body on top. The car has been tubbed and a full rollcage installed, but from the outside the body appears untouched. Not only do the doors still open and close, they also contain the original glass and will even roll up and down. Transmission/Rear End: If you think yanking the handles of a four-speed Lenco transmission on a wide-open-throttle pass must be about the most fun in the world, Small says you are, in fact, correct. Out back, a fabricated Moser 9-inch is built with 35-spline axles and 4.86 gears. Interior: All the requisite racing safety gear is in place. That includes a fire bottle, Jegs belts, and AutoMeter gauges along with a full rollcage. But what we love is how much of this car is absolutely original. That even includes the very same headliner that was installed on the assembly line all the way back in 1965. Next Story Lego creates driveable life-size Bugatti Chiron AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon More from HOT ROD Sh-Boom! Flame-throwing Hot Rods on Woodward Avenue Rare Mercury and Oldsmobile stock car racers found in junkyard Cruising with some of the world’s baddest street-legal drag cars Visit site 	sports
Dyson on track to build electric cars	In case you all forgot, Dyson-yes, the company that makes vacuums -is gearing up to build its own electric cars. Phase Two will cost $260 (£200 / €223) million and Dyson CEO Jim Rowan said the company plans on investing a total of $715 (£550 / €613) million into the site. The UK vacuum cleaner company Dyson has announced proposals costing around £200 million that will see it creating office space and test tracks at ex-RAF airbase Hullavington to help it develop a new electric vehicle it hopes to bring to market in 2021. In all, Dyson expects to invest a whopping £550million in the 750-acre former RAF base, on which it will also build a sports centre, café and visitor centre where Joe Public can learn about its wares. In its latest highlight, Dyson brought to light an additional $151 million spending project, which includes almost ten miles of test tracks, split into six different courses, for its electric cars. The company said Thursday it plans to build more than 10 miles (16 kilometers) of test tracks at the former Hullavington Airfield in southern England. As part of this effort, Dyson will continue to restore hangars at the airbase and will begin construction on "new buildings and areas to put the battery-powered electric vehicle they are now developing through its paces". The timeline for the secretive EV to hit the market in 2021 is "highly ambitious", the Financial Times quoted industry analysts as saying. Unlike those carmakers that use established lithium-ion battery technology, Dyson will use solid-state batteries it says are smaller and more efficient. "We are now firmly focused on the next stage of our automotive project strengthening our credentials as a global research and development organisation", he said. "Our growing automotive team is now working from Dyson's state-of-the-art hangars at Hullavington Airfield".	automotiveindustry
The Latest: MS-13 gang terrorized California farm town	The Latest on the arrests MS-13 gang members in California on suspicion of murder, assault and drug trafficking (all times local): 11 a.m. The U.S. attorney in Sacramento says more than two dozen MS-13 gang members and affiliates have been charged following a murder and drug trafficking investigation centered on a rural California farm city. McGregor Scott said Thursday the notorious street gang took advantage of an understaffed police department in Mendota and terrorized the city of about 11,000 people. Scott was expected to announce the murder, assault and drug trafficking charges on Friday. Mendota lies about 35 miles (60 kilometers) west of Fresno in California's agriculturally rich Central Valley. MS-13, or La Mara Salvatrucha, was formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by refugees from El Salvador. President Donald Trump has singled out the gang as a threat to the U.S. 6:30 a.m. U.S. authorities are scheduled to announce the arrests of MS-13 gang members in California on suspicion of murder, assault and drug trafficking. The U.S. attorney's office has scheduled a news conference on Friday in Fresno. It says the arrests occurred in Los Angeles and the rural California farm city of Mendota. Mendota has a population of roughly 11,000 people and lies 35 miles (60 kilometers) west of Fresno in California's agriculturally rich Central Valley. MS-13, or La Mara Salvatrucha, was formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by refugees from El Salvador and is linked to many slayings in certain parts of the U.S. President Donald Trump has singled out the gang as a threat to the country.	null
GLOBAL LNG-Asian prices rise for 3rd week, boosted by North Asian demand	SINGAPORE, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Asian spot liquefied natural gas (LNG) prices this week rose for a third week, buoyed by firm demand from Japan and South Korea and by loading delays from Brunei that have now ended, industry sources said on Friday. Spot prices for October LNG-AS delivery in Asia rose to $11.50 per million British thermal units (mmBtu) this week, up 10 cents from the week before, the sources said. Japanese utilities bought spot cargoes for delivery in October, likely stocking up ahead of peak winter demand, the sources said. Kyushu Electric bought a cargo for delivery in October at about $11.50 per mmBtu, an industry source said, though this could not immediately be confirmed. Kansai Electric was also seeking a cargo for delivery in October this week, the source said. Kyushu’s demand came even though it restarted a nuclear reactor at its Sendai station this week, suggesting Japanese companies are likely building up inventory for winter, a second source said. “This year’s summer was quite hot, so they were probably depleting their inventory then, which they are now building up,” the second source added. All sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak with media, while energy companies and utilities do not typically comment on commercial transactions. Japan’s Saibu Gas is seeking one cargo every quarter for delivery over 2019 to early 2022, industry sources said. It is expected to award that in October, one of them said. Project partners of the giant Ichthys project in Australia were last week looking for LNG cargoes for delivery in November and December, trade sources said. It was not immediately clear if they had bought the cargoes. They are likely seeking the cargoes to fulfil term commitments, the sources said. The project has been delayed repeatedly and is now expected to start shipping condensate, LNG and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in that order from around end-September to end-December. A South Korean buyer is also in the market looking for cargoes to be delivered over 5 to 10 years, two trade sources said. Loading delays at the Brunei LNG plant may have resolved, trade sources said. LNG tanker Amani, which had been anchored near Brunei port for a week, loaded from the plant on Thursday and has now left, shipping data on Thomson Reuters Eikon showed. Delivery of term cargoes to term customers of Russia’s Sakhalin-2 LNG project may have been delayed after one of two production lines at the project were halted last week due to a problem, a third industry source said. But the issue is expected to be resolved soon. Russia’s Yamal LNG plant has offered cargoes for delivery in winter to Asian customers, traders said. It was not clear if it had sold any yet. (Reporting by Jessica Jaganathan Editing by Joseph Radford) Our Standards:The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles. 	finance
Google partners with Indian banks to provide online loans	The other top digital payment platforms for users are a PhonePe and Free charge. India has gone online to rally behind the victims of the Kerala and Karnataka floods. Technology is a key tool in crises, but it's also critical for supporting India's ongoing national momentum. Today, however, there is a generation of Internet users with completely different needs, where their first and only Internet experience is via a touchscreen and not a keyboard. Below, we have detailed how you can make sure that you are eligible for this offer. The first step is to provide more high-quality Internet access. Our partnership with RailTel is an example where millions of people are accessing Internet from hundreds of railway stations in India. "Keeping up with the pace of change in India's user behavior, we're doubling down on our efforts to innovate our ads products for India". As part of the launch of their Android Go platform targeting lower end hardware, Google released "Go" versions of many apps, including a Google Go search app. Google mentioned that Maps Go is getting turn-by-turn directions. The "Where is My Train" action to tracks trains across the country, the "Airtel" action which allows subscribers to pull information about their account details using voice commands and the "Hello English" to help users learn English via online lessons. But there is one new feature - one that can prove quite significant in the big run - has come to Google Pay. To top them all, it's extremely hard to copy text in non-Unicode Indian language fonts from PDF to web pages without a special scanner. Google Feed: Now available in English and Hindi, and is also set to support Bengali, Marathi, Telugu, and Tamil in the coming weeks. Thakur said that "For Search to be truly helpful, it should bring you useful content, in all the languages you understand". According to Investment banking firm, Credit Suisse, by 2023 Indian digital payment market will grow to $1 trillion transaction that is the reason global leaders and domestic companies making their way to enter digital payment space. There will also be more Indian sources in the search results. North Korea will reportedly host its own cryptocurrency and blockchain conference By 9:38 a.m., the plane was headed south, retracing its flight, leaving Korean airspace at about 11:50 a.m., according to Seoul . North Korea reportedly wants the U.S.to formally declare an end to the Korean War before taking further measures. Russian Federation to stage largest war games since Cold War President Vladimir Putin has made military modernisation - including new nuclear missiles - a priority. A number of former Soviet republics have embraced the West. Scientists told how another people is affected by polluted air Zhang elaborated, " The damage on cognitive ability by air pollution also likely impedes the development of human capital ". Chen claims that by testing the same people four years apart, the study was able to account for other factors. Google Maps Go gets turn-by-turn navigation along with a new home screen and shortcuts. Google Maps: Will get voice guidance in both English and Hindi. Google is also working on integrating Google Pay in India with various service providers. The US tech giant previous year launched payments app Tez, meaning fast in Hindi, in India, integrating it with the state-backed unified payments interface as it sought to gain a foothold in the digital payments market in the country. We believe that numerous innovations and features we have pioneered with Tez will work in other countries. Customers will be able to use Google Pay to take out a customised loan amount from their banks with minimal paperwork. "The many things that you love about the app - the familiar contacts on your homescreen, the one-touch mobile recharges, and of course the fun offers and rewards - are all here to stay", Caesar added. Tez, the mobile payment service launched by Google in India, is being rebranded to Google Pay and upgraded with new functionalities ahead of a major push into other Asian markets. 	finance
Bridge Wins 2018 Brandon Hall Group Excellence Award	SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. 30, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Bridge, an employee development suite from the makers of Canvas, announced today that it has received a coveted Brandon Hall Group Excellence Award. Brandon Hall Group awarded Bridge the bronze for implementing learning technology in conjunction with SafetyNow, a workplace training platform that reduces costs, improves engagement and builds a safety culture. Bridge was previously recognized in 2015 and 2017 by the Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards for advances in learning management technology. "We are honored that Bridge has been recognized once again by the prestigious Brandon Hall Group awards," said Matt Bingham, VP of product strategy and product marketing for Bridge. "Bridge strives to be an employee-first platform, and working with SafetyNow to increase employee safety was a rewarding project for all involved. This recognition validates what a positive impact Bridge and our employee-focused approach can have on any organization." By creating courses that have up-to-date, modern, engaging content through Bridge, SafetyNow is able to keep learners interested in the education they're receiving. With social commenting features and ample capacity for video-based learning, SafetyNow is able to leverage the latest technology to ensure clients are learning, not yawning, during its safety and compliance trainings. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: how it fits te need, design of the program, functionality, innovation and overall measurable benefits. "Excellence Awards winners personify innovation that drives business results. They embrace the future and embrace change and the challenges that go with it," said Rachel Cooke, COO of Brandon Hall Group and head of the awards program. "It is amazing in reviewing these entries how organizations – both large and small – work across functions to make human capital management a valuable asset that enables business success." Bongarde/SafetyNow's mission is to make people safer, healthier and more productive at work. Since 1929, Bongarde/SafetyNow has been providing companies, industry associations and government organizations with the practical compliance and training products they need to keep their workers safe and their OHS programs up to date. Instructure, Inc. is a leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) technology company that makes software that makes people smarter. With a vision to help maximize the potential of people through technology, Instructure created Canvas, Gauge, Arc and Bridge to enable organizations everywhere to easily develop, deliver and manage engaging face-to-face and online learning experiences. To date, Instructure has connected millions of instructors and learners at more than 4,000 educational institutions and corporations throughout the world. Learn more about Canvas for higher ed and K–12, and Bridge for the corporate market, at www.Instructure.com. Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, and HR/Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. Their mission is to empower excellence in organizations around the world through our research and tools each and every day. At the core of their offerings is a Membership Program that combines research, benchmarking and unlimited access to data and analysts. The Membership Program offers insights and best practices to enable executives and practitioners to make the right decisions about people, processes, and systems, coalesced with analyst advisory services which aim to put the research into action in a way that is practical and efficient. 	sports
Coming this weekend	News: As states are increasingly legalizing marijuana for recreational and medicinal use, veterans have had to navigate using medical marijuana on their own given it's classified federally as a Schedule 1 drug, meaning it's illegal. Business: Castle Hill Audio and Video, which sells and installs audio and video systems for homes and businesses, offering turntables, vinyl records, speakers, amplifiers, music streaming sources, sound bars, subwoofers and TVs, has a new location in Mystic. Daybreak: With "Solemn Graves," local author Jim Benn has tried a new approach — a clever variation on Agatha Christie's "closed community" scenario. Perspective: Obama-era rules intended to protect student borrowers from loan fraud may have been too vague about who should be eligible for help, but the proposals from Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos are soft on the lenders and hard on the students.	null
Rugby League European Federation appoints two new independent directors 	The Rugby League European Federation has appointed two new independent directors to its board; sport engagement manager Mahdi Choudhury and civil engineer Colin Kleyweg. Choudhury joined the British Olympic Association as a lawyer in 2006 and has worked as part of the TeamGB delegation at the last six Olympic Games, including serving as deputy chef de mission at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi and as head of sport operations in Rio two years later. He is currently acting as TeamGB chef de mission for the upcoming 2018 Youth Olympic Games in Buenos Aires, and also serves as a panel member for Sport Resolutions UK, and recently completed a secondment to UK Sport’s international relations team, with the aim of growing specific sports in developing countries. Kleyweg, who replaces outgoing Director Blagoje Stoiljkovic, is an experienced director of family companies in Australia and Serbia and, amongst a host of industry accolades, is a Fellow of the Institute of Engineers. In 2017, he became directly involved in sports management through his financing of Red Star Belgrade Rugby League Club and the setting up of Crveni Kengur Media; a digital, social media and marketing agency specialising in sports broadcasting via online platforms. “Being appointed as an independent director of the RLEF is a new and exciting opportunity,” said Choudhury. “ Given my previous experience working in elite sport and international relations, I am looking forward to working with the board to help support the RLEF’s members and to continue to grow rugby league in the Northern hemisphere.” Kleyweg added: “I am committed to the future growth of the sport in Europe through the development of positive branding and by connecting deeply with the communities that we represent. I have experience both inside and outside the game that I genuinely believe can benefit the organisation, and help grow this underrated and under-commercialised sport to give the players the audience they deserve.” RLEF chairman, Maurice Watkins CBE commented: “We have always been committed to making the board the broadest possible church in terms of background, experience and speciality and we firmly believe that Mahdi and Colin offer us that going forward. “This is a very exciting time for the game under our jurisdiction with more nations playing, participation and domestic leagues increasing, greater and more accountable governance in place, and a World Cup on the horizon. I’m sure both men will enjoy and rise to the challenge, it is great to have them on board.” This e-mail (including any attachments) is intended only for the recipient(s) named above. It may contain confidential or privileged information and should not be read, copied or otherwise used without prior written consent. Statements or opinions may be expressed in this e-mail that are personal to the author and do not necessarily represent the views of the RLEF. The RLEF is not bound by any contract or obligation created by this e-mail and excludes all liability to you or any third party in respect of its contents (to the maximum extent permitted by the law). It is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that opening this message and/or any of its attachments will not adversely affect its systems. No responsibility is accepted by the RLEF. If you are not the named recipient, please contact the sender and delete the e-mail from your system. RFL is a trading name of The Rugby Football League Limited. This message and any attachments are strictly confidential and may contain legally privileged information.The contents of the transmission are intended for the named addressee(s) only. If you are not the addressee please do not read, print, store or re-transmit it or any attachments to it.Instead, please email it back to the sender and then immediately permanently delete it from your system. The views or opinions presented here are solely of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the Rugby Football League Limited.The Rugby Football League Limited is not bound by any contract or obligation created by this e-mail and excludes all liability to you or any third party in respect of its contents (to the maximum extent permitted by the law). The Rugby Football League Limited is a company registered in England with company number 3845473. The Registered Office is Red Hall, Red Hall Lane, Leeds LS17 8NB. VAT No. 168 8110 49.The Rugby Football League Limited also acts on behalf of Super League (Europe) Ltd, a company registered in England with company number 3238540. The Registered Office is Red Hall, Red Hall Lane, Leeds LS17 8NB. VAT No. 698 6526 64. UIT42524252	sports
Laffs from the Hood: Vol. 2	Prepare to laugh like never before with this side-splitting collection of stand-up comedy performances from some of today's most talented and fearless African-American comedians. The biggest and brightest names are all here, ready to crack you up beyond belief. Included are wild and raucous acts from the likes of Steve Harvey, Arsenio Hall, Paul Mooney, Mark Curry, Little Richard, Mario Joyner and more.	null
Fire burns duplex on Hoopes Avenue 	On August 30, 2018 at approximately 10:45 p.m., the Idaho Falls Fire Department was dispatched to Hoopes Avenue near the intersection of Hoopes Avenue and 12th Street for a report of a structure fire. ... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	null
Rachel Notley pulling Alberta from climate plan 	Federal judges out of touch in Trans Mountain pipeline expansion case: Kenney AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	government
New article in Simplifying Complexity series -- Iterate and increment on content following an agile approach	Iterative development is a principle of design that applies as much to documentation as it does to software development and UX design. With iterative development, you continually improve the content by gathering feedback and then incorporate the feedback as appropriate into new iterations of the content. You write in a shorter cycles with increased feedback reviews, working on developing content over a longer period of time rather than a short burst of writing activity in a one-and-done type effort. This iterative approach better addresses scenarios involving complex documentation where the audience, needed information, steps, and other details are less certain and predictable.	null
10 Running Routes In NYC That Are Pretty & Don't Smell	Running outside in New York City can be glorious, or it can be the worst. Often you end up dodging people on the sidewalk, getting stuck at traffic lights, or gagging from the smell of trash. Or, you set out to go on a run and then change your mind because you got distracted by a cool new store or more interesting activity on the way. That said, there are so many gorgeous places to run in New York City that will make you feel like you're in actual nature — not stuck in a garbage city. Ahead, you'll find the prettiest running routes that the city has to offer. Whether you're a dedicated to the Central Park running loop or have never run outside, there's a new path that's ready to be discovered. And if you decide that you hate running outside, there are always treadmill classes that you can check out, too.	null
Trump cancels pay raise federal workers were due in January 	WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump informed Congress on Thursday that he is canceling pay raises due in January for most civilian federal employees, citing budget constraints. But the workers still could see a slightly smaller boost in their pay under a proposal lawmakers are considering. Trump said he was axing a 2.1 percent across-the-board raise for most workers as well as locality pay increases averaging 25.7 percent and costing $25 billion. "We must maintain efforts to put our Nation on a fiscally sustainable course, and Federal agency budgets cannot sustain such increases," said Trump. The president last year signed a package of tax cuts that is forecast to expand the deficit by about $1.5 trillion over 10 years. Trump cited the "significant" cost of employing federal workers as justification for denying the pay increases, and called for federal worker pay to be based on performance and structured toward recruiting, retaining and rewarding "high-performing Federal employees and those with critical skill sets." His announcement came as the country heads into the Labor Day holiday weekend. The Democratic Party immediately criticized the announcement, citing the tax cuts Trump signed into law last December. The law provided steep tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest Americans, and more modest reductions for middle- and low-income individuals and families. "Trump has delivered yet another slap in the face to American workers," said Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez. Under the law, the 2.1 percent raise takes effect automatically unless the president and Congress act to change it. Congress is currently debating a proposal for a slightly lower, 1.9 percent across-the-board raise to be included in a government funding bill that would require Trump's signature to keep most government functions operating past September. Unions representing the 2 million-member federal workforce urged Congress to pass the 1.9 percent pay raise. "President Trump's plan to freeze wages for these patriotic workers next year ignores the fact that they are worse off today financially than they were at the start of the decade," said J. David Cox Sr., president of the American Federation of Government Employees, which represents some 700,000 federal workers. "They have already endured years of little to no increases and their paychecks cannot stretch any further as education, health care costs, gas and other goods continue to get more expensive," added Tim Reardon, national president of the National Treasury Employees Union. Cox said federal worker pay and benefits have been cut by more than $200 billion since 2011, and workers are currently earning 5 percent less than they did at the start of the decade. In July, the Trump administration sharply revised upward its deficit estimates compared to the estimates in the budget proposal it sent Congress in February. The worsening deficit reflects the impact of the $1.5 trillion, 10-year tax cut, as well as increased spending for the military and domestic programs that Congress approved earlier this year. The administration's July budget update projected a deficit of $890 million for the fiscal year that ends Sept. 30, up from the February estimate of $873 billion. The $890 billion deficit projection represents a 34 percent increase from the $666 billion deficit the government recorded in 2017. * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. For 2019, the administration is projecting the deficit will once again top $1 trillion and stay at that level for the next three years. The only other period when the federal government ran deficits above $1 trillion was the four years from 2009 through 2012, when the government used tax cuts and increased spending to combat the 2008 fiscal crisis and the worst economic downturn since the 1930s. Rep. Gerry Connolly, D-Va., who represents many federal workers, blamed what he said was Trump's mismanagement of federal government. "His tax bill exploded the deficit, and now he is trying to balance the budget on the backs of federal workers," Connolly said. AP Economics Writer Martin Crutsinger and Associated Press writers Matthew Daly and Zeke Miller contributed to this report.	government
Trump allies raise alarm as team of legal advisers shrinks 	WASHINGTON (AP) — Increasingly convinced that the West Wing is wholly unprepared to handle the expected assault from Democrats if they win the House in November, President Donald Trump's aides and allies are privately raising alarm as his circle of legal and communications advisers continues to shrink. With vacancies abounding in the White House and more departures on the horizon, there is growing concern among Trump allies that the brain drain at the center of the administration could hardly come at a more perilous time. Special counsel Robert Mueller's swirling probe of Russian election interference and potential obstruction of justice by Trump has reached ever closer to the Oval Office, and the upcoming midterm elections could grant his political adversaries the power of subpoena or, more worryingly, the votes to attempt impeachment. Nine current and former White House staffers and administration allies expressed concerns Thursday that the West Wing is simply unprepared for the potential troubles ahead. They spoke on the condition of anonymity over concerns about estranging colleagues. Attrition, job changes and firings have taken their toll across the White House, but their impact has been felt particularly in the communications and legal shops — two departments crucial to Trump staving off the looming threats. The upcoming departure of White House counsel Don McGahn has highlighted the challenges in an office that has shrunk by a third since last year. McGahn's deputy and chief of staff, Annie Donaldson, is also expected to leave soon after McGahn departs, two staffers said. Similarly, the White House press office is down to four press secretaries working on day-to-day White House matters, including Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and the regional and Cabinet affairs media teams in the communications office have been hollowed out. The staffing shortage and struggles to recruit top-flight talent have left the White House ill-prepared to handle the legal onslaught that may come when Mueller issues an expected report summarizing his findings and the flood of congressional investigations that could follow a Democratic takeover of the House. Former Fox News executive Bill Shine, who joined the White House earlier this summer as communications director and deputy chief of staff, is looking to rebuild a shrunken media affairs team in anticipation of the challenges ahead. Shine is said to be looking for seasoned communications professionals to handle both Mueller-related questions and congressional oversight requests. "He's doing a lot of thinking about how to properly structure everything, not only for a Trump White House but for what the next couple of years will be like," said former White House press secretary Sean Spicer. But like other White House departments, the effort to fill jobs is proving difficult. Qualified candidates are steering clear of the volatile West Wing, ignoring pleas from Shine and others to join the administration over fears to their reputation and even potential legal exposure, according to current and former officials and one candidate approached by the White House. Those people and others spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private deliberations and conversations. Others are wary of joining the team to defend the president, knowing full well he will often ignore their advice or could turn on them by tweet. A White House official disputed that the administration has had difficulty filling positions with talented people. Trump allies have long boasted that he was his own political consultant during the 2016 campaign and serves as his own communications director inside the White House, but they are increasingly cautioning him that he can't be his own attorney as well. Indeed, his outside legal team reached out to some of Washington's most prominent attorneys, including Supreme Court litigator Ted Olson, before former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani — a longtime friend of the president whose erratic television interviews have defined his tenure — joined the team in April. Since then, Giuliani has been the primary public face of the defense team, along with Jay Sekulow, a lawyer specializing in constitutional law and religious liberties. A husband-wife duo, Martin and Jane Raskin, was also added to work behind the scenes. At the same time, the president is more volatile than ever, creating new challenges for both his communication and legal teams. Trump built his professional empire on a foundation of secrecy, enforced by fixers, lawyers, hush payments and non-disclosure agreements. Seeing that world collapse around him in recent weeks has yielded intense frustration in the president, who has angrily told confidants that he feels betrayed by a number of former allies, including attorney Michael Cohen and National Enquirer head David Pecker. Trump has denounced the "sweetheart deal" received by Cohen, fumed about the overzealous prosecution of former campaign chair Paul Manafort and seethed over the pressure on Pecker to agree to an immunity deal, according to two Republicans close to the White House but not authorized to speak publicly about private conversations. Trump signaled Thursday that he has settled on a successor for McGahn. "I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel!" Trump tweeted Thursday. He sent a later tweet that spelled "counsel" correctly. Trump also took a shot at reports that McGahn had threatened to resign last year if the president continued to press for Mueller's removal. "I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!" Trump said, referring as well to his attorney general, who recused himself from the investigation, much to the president's annoyance. The widely expected pick to replace McGahn is White House is attorney Emmet Flood, who joined Trump's White House in May as in-house counsel for the Mueller probe and has McGahn's support in taking the role. Praise for Flood, a veteran attorney who defended Bill Clinton during his impeachment process and represented George W. Bush in executive-privilege disputes with Congress, poured in Thursday. "His reputation is stellar and he brings the requisite skillset and pretty much unmatched experience, having been in both the Bush and Clinton White Houses and now serving in President Trump's counsel's office," said Mark Corallo, a former spokesman for the president's outside legal team. "You couldn't ask for a more qualified and better-prepared attorney." "I think Flood of all people seems to have clearly the experience that would be required if indeed it's needed," said Spicer. If the Democrats win, Trump is expected to face not only possible impeachment hearings, but a bombardment of Congressional subpoenas, inquires and hearings that Democrats hope will hobble his administration, giving it little room to do much else. "At that point," said Corallo, "the president's going to need some very skilled attorneys" — Constitutional scholars who are familiar with the past impeachments of Clinton and former President Andrew Johnson, have dozens of Supreme Court arguments under their belt, are highly respected and understand the mechanics and the politics of impeachment hearings. But others were less concerned. "Everybody wants to make sure he gets the best advice," former campaign adviser Barry Bennett said of the president. "But battling is something he's very good at, so he's got some home turf advantage." Trump, too, dismissed the chatter in an interview Thursday with Bloomberg News. "I don't think they can impeach somebody that's doing a great job," he said. Lemire reported from New York. Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.	government
Lanes closed on I-75 after dump truck overturns	A dump truck carrying a load of compost overturned on an Interstate 75 overpass Monday afternoon. At 1 p.m. the truck was traveling along northbound I-75 at the 307 milepost in Sumter County. It overturned and spilled the load of compost, according to Sgt. Steve Gaskins of the Florida Highway Patrol. The driver exited the vehicle with minor injuries.	null
Why those under 35 are screwed 	This graph does not come to praise the smashed avocado meme. Oh no. It comes to bury it. It represents the ultimate rebuttal to the brunch hypothesis. After seeing this graph, never again will the ter... 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Find the Surface device that's right for you! Microsoft Store Office 2016: Available when and where you need it Microsoft Store Virtual and mixed reality: experience the world in a whole new way! Microsoft Store 	evergreen
Cardinals bring back RB Darius Victor	The Arizona Cardinals officially ended the season of running back D.J. Foster, who suffered a torn ACL and MCL in his knee Sunday night. He was placed on injured reserve and, to replace him on the roster, the Cardinals re-signed running back Darius Victor. Victor spent the last month of last season on the practice squad and was retained until after the draft. Victor (5-8, 209) entered the league with the Saints in August as an undrafted rookie free agent from Towson and spent the preseason with New Orleans until he was released on September 2. He played in 41 games during his collegiate career and had 3,319 rushing yards and 41 touchdowns on 637 carries (5.2 yard avg.). Listen to the latest from Cards Wire’s Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.	sports
Onimusha Remaster Will Release On PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, And PC	Onimusha: Warlords is the game that officially kicked off the Onimusha series, spawning many sequels to the fantasy action game. Now, the PS2/PC game is returning in remastered form, and will release on PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC at the start of the new year. You can get a look at the new version of the game in the announcement trailer above. The action game, first released in 2001, follows samurai Samanosuke Akechi and ninja Kaede as they fight to rescue Princess Yuki. Set in feudal Japan, the two must save Yuki from mysterious demons that have invaded her castle while uncovering the fiends' plot. Players wield katanas and other weapons as Samanosuke and Kaede battle their way to the castle. The game is receiving a high-definition graphics overhaul of its characters, environments, and cinematics, and Capcom is adding widescreen support as well that allows for quick changing between widescreen and classic display modes. The studio is also adding support for analog sticks to boost movement accuracy during combat. Unlike the original Onimusha: Warlords, Easy Mode will now be available from the start of the game (whereas you had to fail a battle several times before it would unlock in the 2001 version). Lastly, a new soundtrack is being added to the game after the original game's composer was found to be using a ghostwriter (and possibly even faked being deaf). Onimusha: Warlords HD will release on all systems on January 15, 2019 and will cost $20. In North America, you can already pre-order a physical copy of the game, with a digital pre-order coming soon. Players in Europe will be able to buy the digital version only.	videogame
Trump Foundation lawyer asks judge to dismiss lawsuit 	NEW YORK (AP) — Lawyers for President Donald Trump have asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit brought against his charitable foundation by New York's attorney general, arguing that it was politically motivated. Attorney Alan Futerfas argued in a motion filed late Thursday that former Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (SHNEYE'-dur-muhn) made it his stated mission to "lead the resistance" and used his public antipathy for Trump to solicit campaign donations. Schneiderman later resigned in a sexual abuse scandal. His successor, Democratic Attorney General Barbara Underwood, filed the lawsuit in June. The suit accuses Trump's foundation of serving as a personal piggy bank for his businesses, legal bills and presidential campaign. It seeks $2.8 million in restitution and the dissolution of the foundation. The AG's office said Thursday it won't back down from holding Trump accountable.	government
Cummins Inc. (CMI) Holdings Reduced by Barings LLC	Barings LLC lowered its position in Cummins Inc. (NYSE:CMI) by 40.1% during the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 27,133 shares of the company’s stock after selling 18,185 shares during the period. Barings LLC’s holdings in Cummins were worth $3,609,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Alps Advisors Inc. increased its holdings in shares of Cummins by 84.6% during the 2nd quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 9,634 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,281,000 after purchasing an additional 4,414 shares in the last quarter. Hallmark Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Cummins in the 2nd quarter worth $1,428,000. Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management CO. LTD. purchased a new stake in Cummins in the 2nd quarter worth $918,000. Landmark Bank purchased a new stake in Cummins in the 2nd quarter worth $1,434,000. Finally, 1ST Source Bank increased its holdings in Cummins by 22.2% in the 2nd quarter. 1ST Source Bank now owns 9,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,222,000 after acquiring an additional 1,672 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.42% of the company’s stock. Get Cummins alerts: Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Cummins from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $161.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Cummins from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $156.00 to $137.00 in a report on Friday, August 24th. Bank of America upped their target price on shares of Cummins from $154.00 to $157.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 1st. Credit Suisse Group dropped their target price on shares of Cummins from $175.00 to $171.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, August 1st. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co set a $158.00 target price on shares of Cummins and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 1st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. Cummins has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $165.86. In other news, VP Tracy A. Embree sold 462 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, August 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $141.70, for a total transaction of $65,465.40. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 4,122 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $584,087.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Alexis M. Herman sold 735 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, August 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $139.90, for a total transaction of $102,826.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.62% of the company’s stock. NYSE CMI traded up $0.24 during trading hours on Friday, reaching $141.80. The company had a trading volume of 1,285,800 shares, compared to its average volume of 1,531,635. Cummins Inc. has a 1-year low of $129.90 and a 1-year high of $194.18. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.19, a current ratio of 1.61 and a quick ratio of 1.03. The stock has a market capitalization of $23.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.34, a PEG ratio of 0.83 and a beta of 1.11. Cummins (NYSE:CMI) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, July 31st. The company reported $3.32 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.63 by ($0.31). Cummins had a net margin of 4.67% and a return on equity of 26.30%. The company had revenue of $6.13 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.81 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $2.53 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 20.8% compared to the same quarter last year. analysts anticipate that Cummins Inc. will post 14.94 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 4th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, August 22nd will be given a $1.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, August 21st. This represents a $4.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.22%. This is a boost from Cummins’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.08. Cummins’s dividend payout ratio is presently 42.94%. Cummins Inc designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel and natural gas engines, and engine-related component products worldwide. It operates through four segments: Engine, Distribution, Components, and Power Systems segments. The Engine segment manufactures and markets a range of diesel and natural gas powered engines under the Cummins and other customer brands for the heavy-and medium-duty truck, bus, recreational vehicle, light-duty automotive, construction, mining, marine, rail, oil and gas, defense, and agricultural markets. Further Reading: Hedge Funds – Risk or Reward? Receive News & Ratings for Cummins Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cummins and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 	finance
Serena Williams Wore A Tutu On The Tennis Court And People Loved It 	When it comes to tennis fashion, you can count on champion Serena Williams to make a statement on the court with her eye-catching, unique outfits. Her recent number at the U.S. Open was no exception. On Monday, Williams stepped out in a one-shoulder illusion top and black tulle skirt designed by Off-White founder, Virgil Abloh, in collaboration with Nike. She paired the ensemble with fishnet tights and Nike sneakers. Williams won her first-round match against Poland’s Magda Linette while sporting this outfit that has fans going crazy in the best way. Check out some of the compliments that have been rolling in on social media. Last week, the French Tennis Federation banned a black bodysuit Williams had worn while playing in the French Open in May, with the president of the federation stating that “Serena’s outfit this year, for example, would no longer be accepted. You have to respect the game and the place.” Serena's surprise bodysuit at Roland Garros this year would not be tolerated in the future, says French Tennis Federation Bernard Giudicelli. Via @YCochennec pic.twitter.com/yNKNbVGdXM Williams made her debut post-maternity leave in France, wearing what she described as a “Wakanda-inspired catsuit.” The outfit was also designed to prevent blood clots, an issue that caused her serious problems after giving birth to her daughter Alexis Olympia on Sept. 1, 2017. The champ dedicated the catsuit to “all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy”. Catsuit anyone? For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!! pic.twitter.com/xXb3BKDGNF “I think that obviously, the Grand Slams have a right to do what they want to do,” Williams said Saturday, according to The Washington Post. “I feel like if and when, or if they know that some things are for health reasons, then there’s no way that they wouldn’t be okay with it. So I think it’s fine. The president of the French Federation, he’s been really amazing. He’s been so easy to talk to. My whole team is basically French, so, yeah, we have a wonderful relationship.” “Everything’s fine, guys,” she responded to reporters. “When it comes to fashion, you don’t want to be a repeat offender.” Though Williams is playing it cool, the ban has stirred up controversy with many voicing their opinions on social media — including fellow U.S. tennis greats Andy Roddick and Chris Evert. This is so dumb and shortsighted it hurts. Sometimes it’d be nice if the sport got out of its own way. https://t.co/As85ymSiFK Now, many people are pointing out that dominating in an in-your-face tutu is the perfect response to the ban. Serena Williams competing in a black tutu and fishnet leggings is the best clapback in history. There can never be another Serena Williams!!	sports
Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Invests $3.10 Million in Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Stock	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendations for Ollie's Bargain Outlet with our free daily email newsletter: Mutual of America Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:OLLI) during the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 42,820 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,104,000. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC owned approximately 0.07% of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of OLLI. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Ollie’s Bargain Outlet by 2.2% during the 1st quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 6,190,043 shares of the company’s stock worth $373,259,000 after buying an additional 132,481 shares in the last quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet by 18.0% during the 1st quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 2,374,758 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,197,000 after purchasing an additional 362,486 shares during the last quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet by 15.9% during the 2nd quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 838,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,783,000 after purchasing an additional 114,899 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its holdings in shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet by 4.0% during the 1st quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 822,953 shares of the company’s stock worth $49,624,000 after purchasing an additional 31,587 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet by 1,388.1% during the 1st quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 726,340 shares of the company’s stock worth $43,798,000 after purchasing an additional 677,530 shares during the last quarter. 89.04% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Get Ollie's Bargain Outlet alerts: In other news, CEO Mark L. Butler sold 375,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.90, for a total transaction of $28,087,500.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 3,678,372 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $275,510,062.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Mark L. Butler sold 300,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, August 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.48, for a total value of $20,244,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 1,945,490 shares of company stock worth $139,949,925 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 20.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of NASDAQ OLLI opened at $85.45 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $5.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 68.36, a PEG ratio of 2.08 and a beta of 0.11. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.02, a quick ratio of 0.25 and a current ratio of 2.18. Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc has a 52-week low of $41.31 and a 52-week high of $86.15. Ollie’s Bargain Outlet (NASDAQ:OLLI) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, June 5th. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.04. Ollie’s Bargain Outlet had a return on equity of 12.06% and a net margin of 12.36%. The company had revenue of $275.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $267.27 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.25 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 21.1% compared to the same quarter last year. analysts predict that Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc will post 1.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. OLLI has been the topic of several recent research reports. Goldman Sachs Group initiated coverage on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet in a report on Wednesday, May 16th. They set a “buy” rating and a $78.00 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet from $70.00 to $84.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 22nd. KeyCorp decreased their price objective on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet from $80.00 to $68.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, June 6th. Credit Suisse Group upped their price objective on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet from $68.00 to $78.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 6th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co upped their price objective on Ollie’s Bargain Outlet from $58.00 to $68.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 6th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $71.56. Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc operates as a retailer of brand name merchandise. The company offers food products, housewares, books and stationery, bed and bath products, floor coverings, electronics, and toys; and other products, including hardware, personal health care, candy, clothing, sporting, pet and lawn, and garden products. 	finance
Turang, Ward lead the way for Helena 	HELENA, Mont. (AP) -- Brice Turang homered and singled, scoring three runs while also driving in three as the Helena Brewers defeated the Great Falls Voyagers 6-5 on Friday. Je'Von Ward doubled and singled twice with two runs for Helena. Michael Mediavilla got Jhoandro Alfaro to ground out with a runner on second to end the game for his fourth save of the season. Helena tied the game 3-3 in the third after Turang hit a two-run home run. Trailing 5-4, the Voyagers tied the game in the eighth inning when Lenyn Sosa hit an RBI single, scoring Maiker Feliz. The Brewers took the lead for good in the eighth when Connor McVey scored on a forceout. Chad Whitmer (3-2) got the win in relief while Austin Conway (2-2) took the loss in the Pioneer League game. The Voyagers failed to capitalize on some good scoring chances, leaving 12 runners on base in the loss. For the Voyagers, Alex Destino doubled twice and singled. Helena improved to 11-5 against Great Falls this season. This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http://www.automatedinsights.com) using data from and in cooperation with MLB Advanced Media and Minor League Baseball, http://www.milb.com	sports
Room Request! The Retreat at Blue Lagoon Iceland	Anybody with a serious case of wanderlust is already familiar with Iceland’s Blue Lagoon, the country’s most popular tourist attraction. The man-made geothermal spa is nestled in an 800-year-old lava field near Grindavík on the Reykjanes Peninsula, and attracted an estimated 1.3 million visitors last year alone. Now, those looking for a more luxurious escape have a new place to call home in this ethereal oasis. Thanks to Icelandair’s Stopover Pass, visitors heading to Europe can tack on a stop in Iceland at no extra cost, making it easier than ever to visit the destination’s otherworldly lures. When The Retreat at Blue Lagoon opened its doors in April 2018, it marked an important milestone as the area’s first and only five-star property. It took the team behind the 62-suite hotel four years to complete construction, but was undeniably worth the wait. Today the masterpiece seamlessly blends into its captivating surroundings while incorporating thoughtful and seriously lavish design touches along the way. Located on the first floor of the Retreat Hotel, the Lagoon View Junior Suites are 430 square feet (40 square meters) and have terraces with entrancing views of the centuries-old lava and the surrounding waters of the Blue Lagoon. The suites are spacious, yet cozy – simple, yet elegant. The lagoon and the multicolored lava lie just beyond the floor-to-ceiling windows and create harmony between the luxurious interior and sublime exterior. My favorite room is the Moss Suite on the upper level of the Retreat Hotel. It offers an unparalleled perspective of the moss-covered lava fields and distant mountains with the view transforming with the ever-changing weather and light. Encompassing 645 square feet (60 square meters), the suite is divided into a sleeping area and living area with sofa, as well as a 300 square foot (28 sqm) balcony, offering a breathtaking view of the lunar-like horizon. I think the Moss Suite is a serenely stunning foundation for the Retreat experience. None of the rooms have televisions, which is in line with our goal of fostering a tranquil environment and providing our guests with the rare opportunity to leave the world behind and enter a timeless place of relaxation, rejuvenation, and exploration.	retail
County to Honor Contributions of Hispanic Veterans	On Friday, Sept 14, the LA County Department of Military & Veterans Affairs (MVA) will honor the contributions of Hispanic veterans throughout U.S. history, featuring local dignitaries and veterans at Bob Hope Patriotic Hall, 1816 Figueroa Street. The event will begin at 10:00 a.m. and include color guard, invocation, music, light refreshments, and a variety of speakers. All are welcome. Julio Cesar Ortiz, Univision Reporter, KMEX Channel 34, will serve as Master of Ceremonies and introduce our impressive speakers, including: – General Ruth Wong, United States Air Force (Ret), LA County Department of Military and Veterans Affairs Director – Elizabeth Perez, Deputy Secretary, Minority Veterans Affairs, California Department of Veterans Affairs – Janet Chin, Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army, on behalf of Ed Hernandez, California State Senator, District 22 – Hector Barajas, deported Army veteran, Founder, Deported Veterans Support House – Keith Jeffreys–Executive Director, United States Veterans’ Artists Alliance (USVAA) -Hector Barajas will recount his journey of becoming a citizen after being deported for fourteen years and giving back by founding the Deported Veterans Support House. The event will also feature the artwork of Roberto Carlos Zea, Marine veteran. In support of this celebration, General Wong stated, “We honor the contributions and sacrifices of our Hispanic brothers and sisters in the armed forces. We cannot thank and recognize them enough for their service to our country.” Observation of Hispanic Heritage Month started in 1968 as Hispanic Heritage Week under President Lyndon Johnson. It was expanded by President Ronald Reagan in 1988 to cover a 30-day period starting on September 15 and ending on October 15, and was enacted into law in 1988. The day of September 15 is significant because it is the anniversary of independence for Latin American countries Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua. In addition, Mexico and Chile celebrate their independence days on September 16 and September18, respectively. The LA County Department of Military and Veterans Affairs (MVA) provides assistance to LA County veterans, active service members and their families with resources, programs, services and state and federal benefits, including: compensation and pension claims, burial benefits and services, medical and mental health referral, education and vocational rehabilitation, home loans and grants applications, employment and job placement assistance, DMV veteran designation, legal service referrals, appeal processes, incarcerated veterans and aid and attendance. For more information, click [here]. 	non-profit&civilorganization
McCartney kicks off 2019 U.S. tour in Raleigh	RALEIGH, NC (WITN) - Sir Paul McCartney will kick off his next U.S. tour right here in North Carolina. The British superstar will perform at PNC Arena on May 27th. It will be the first time in 17 years that McCartney has done a show in Raleigh. The Freshen Up U.S. Tour 2019 has five confirmed dates so far. Those are Raleigh, Greenville, South Carolina, Lexington, Kentucky, Madison, Wisconsin, and Moline, Illinois. Tickets for the Raleigh show go on sale September 7th. 	arts
Kochs unveil list of backed House candidates	NEW YORK (AP) — The political network created by the billionaire Koch brothers announced plans to support eight House Republicans on Thursday, pledging financial resources and activists to help re-elect several vulnerable congressmen deemed “principled” conservatives. The first wave of endorsements includes a handful of sometime-critics of President Donald Trump, particularly on immigration and spending. The announcement comes a month after Trump assailed the Koch brothers as “a total joke in real Republican circles.” Days earlier, network patriarch Charles Koch had condemned the increased government spending under the Republican president’s leadership and Trump’s push for import tariffs. Despite the clash with the White House, the Koch network remains one of the most powerful political organizations in the country. The sprawling organization is on pace to spend as much as $400 million on politics and policy ahead of November’s election. And its coalition of trained activists across 36 states has no rival. The candidates backed by the network’s political arm, Americans for Prosperity, include eight men from seven states: Reps. Rod Blum and David Young of Iowa, Dave Brat of Virginia, Ted Budd of North Carolina, Steve Chabot of Ohio, Will Hurd of Texas, Erik Paulsen of Minnesota and Peter Roskam of Illinois. For each of the candidates, Americans for Prosperity “will fully activate its grass-roots infrastructure through phone banks and neighborhood canvassing, as well as deploy targeted digital, mail and radio advertising,” according to a statement. Absent from the list are some of the nation’s most vulnerable House Republicans including Reps. Barbara Comstock of Virginia and Mike Coffman of Colorado in addition to any Republicans from top House battleground states such as California, New Jersey or New York. The Kochs, who devote substantial resources to pushing conservative policies at the state and national level, are active in New Jersey but do not have chapters in California or New York. “While Americans for Prosperity is committed to opposing politicians who actively work to defeat good policies, we are proud to stand with lawmakers who champion legislation that helps improve people’s lives,” said AFP president Tim Phillips. He added: “The candidates we are supporting this fall have each been strong, principled leaders.” All but one of the endorsed candidates, Hurd, supported efforts to repeal President Barack Obama’s health care law, including the popular provision that required insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions. All of them voted for the sweeping tax cuts and the GOP plan to ease banking regulations put in place after the 2007 financial collapse. Most supported the White House-backed $1.3 trillion spending bill Congress adopted earlier in the year over the Koch network’s objections. The opponents included three people on the endorsement list: Freedom Caucus members Blum, Brat and Budd. Some of the group also oppose Trump’s immigration policies. Hurd, in particular, has emerged as a vocal critic of the administration’s move to separate immigrant families at the border and spend tens of billions of dollars on a huge wall. Paulsen supports a law that would protect many young immigrants in the country illegally from deportation, while Roskam opposed Trump’s border separation policy as well. The Koch network favors a more forgiving immigration policy in line with much of the business wing of the GOP. “As we work to build progress in Washington, we will continue our pursuit of policy majorities that will move our country in the right direction by supporting leaders like these,” Phillips said.	government
L&N Painters	Is L&N Painters in Franklin, Franklin WI 53132 your business? Claim your listing and attract more leads by adding more content, photos and other business details. We have more Painting services in Franklin WI available on Hotfrog US. You can update your search for Franklin Painting by location, keyword or service options.	null
Rauner Signs Harvest Season Truck Permit Bill	Illinois farmers gained new ability to efficiently haul crops during harvest starting in 2019 after Gov. Bruce Rauner signed HB 5749, an Illinois Farm Bureau legislative priority. “Illinois has an agriculture workforce that is second to none, and this legislation will help them to more efficiently get their crops to market,” the governor said, signing the bill at the DuQuoin State Fair. Rauner noted neighboring states allow higher weight limits during harvest without a harvest emergency declaration that Illinois required through 2018. Starting next year, the new law allows farmers to apply for a free special permit from the Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT), according to Kevin Rund, IFB transportation specialist. Farmers are required to apply to local jurisdictions for permits on their roads. Issued harvest season truck permits would be allowed annually between Sept. 1 and Dec. 31. In 2019, the new law will no longer require a gubernatorial declaration before farmers apply for the special permits. Rund explained a farmer would apply to IDOT for a free permit to haul up to 10 percent more than the gross vehicle weight on a state route, excluding interstate highways. A farmer would need to seek a permit from each road jurisdiction on the roads he or she travels as well, Rund added. Local jurisdictions have the ability to allow or not allow trucks to operate at higher weights on their roads just as they did under the previous harvest season emergency system, Rund pointed out. Each local road jurisdiction may also waive the requirement to carry a written permit, he added. For county roads, Rund advised farmers to contact the respective county engineer. He recommended contacting the highway commissioner for road district roads and the street department regarding municipal roads. Each jurisdiction can specify the dates for which a permit is valid based on the law designating Sept. 1 through Dec. 31 as the available permit season. The harvest season permit would allow gross and axle weight overages for a divisible load and the vehicle’s weight to exceed its registered/license plate weight, Rund said.	government
How good of a defender could Dillon Brooks be?	The majority of the elite role players in today’s NBA are great defenders. Draymond Green, Andre Iguodala, Jae Crowder, Khris Middleton, Marcus Smart, Joe Ingles and Robert Covington are just some of the names that come to mind that fit this mold. Even the past of “elite role players” starred on the defensive end as well — Tony Allen, Robert Horry, Bruce Bowen, Ron Artest (Metta World Peace, for the young fans out there), Ben Wallace, and Raja Bell. Last season, the Memphis Grizzlies threw Dillon Brooks into the fire on the defensive side of the ball. He was tasked with guarding many of the league’s elite perimeter players — James Harden, Klay Thompson, Paul George, CJ McCollum, Giannis Antetokounmpo, to name a few. This was a difficult assignment for anyone, yet alone a second-round rookie. It leads many to ask what kind of defender Dillon Brooks could become. It could also pose the question of how good he could become on that end of the floor. If you say he’s going to be another Tony Allen, that might be a bit of a reach. Heck, it may not be wise to categorize him as a potential All-Defense team member. His wingspan (6’6”) and lateral quickness limit him from being such a player. However, it’s not so crazy to say he could be a solid defender in the league regardless. Next season, Dillon Brooks won’t be tasked with guarding the opposing team’s best perimeter player, as Kyle Anderson will probably serve in that role. However, having Brooks isn’t necessarily a bad second fiddle defensively. Plenty of teams in the Western Conference have at least two perimeter threats — Golden State, Houston, Oklahoma City, Utah, Denver, Los Angeles, to name a few. Having Anderson and Brooks guard the opposition’s two primary perimeter players is the team’s best defensive strategy on the wings. In addition, if the Grizzlies move Brooks with the second unit, they have a stopper for the opposing sixth man — a luxury for many teams. Doing this would be a fine move, but it’d be a lot of responsibility for him, as the team would likely rely on him being the team’s primary offensive weapon as well. If there’s any comparison for Brooks in this role, it’s Danny Green, who serves as a secondary stopper next to Kawhi Leonard. Utilizing Brooks in this role could help the Grizzlies reclaim their spot as one of the league’s elite defensive teams. Because of Brooks’ defensive experience last season, the Grizzlies groomed a starting-caliber wing that could guard multiple positions without being a liability. In the process, he did an admirable job, displaying gritty toughness and solid defensive instincts. This decision also gives Memphis an intriguing element to their defense that could propel them closer to the modern NBA. It allows the Grizzlies to deploy a switch-everything defense, something that the GNG Memphis teams could never do. Grooming Dillon Brooks for these two purposes was an excellent decision for the Grizzlies. Brooks came into the league as a talented, versatile offensive prospect, but he wasn’t too highly-regarded defensively. However, he showed potential early, mainly with his job on CJ McCollum early last season. Though they threw him in the fire, he at least showed promise on the defensive end of the floor. Brooks won't be another Grindfather, but he’ll be an excellent team defender for a Memphis team trying to revive and reinvent “Grit ‘n’ Grind.” 	sports
Mollie Tibbetts investigation: Aunt pushes back against 'racist, false narrative'	A relative of Mollie Tibbetts is taking to task anyone who wants to use her murder as fuel for the immigration debate. "Especially for those of you who did not know her in life, you do not get to usurp Mollie and her legacy for your racist, false narrative now that she is no longer with us. We hereby reclaim our Mollie," wrote Sandi Tibbetts Murphy, Mollie's aunt, in a lengthy Facebook post that has been shared tens of thousands of times. Tibbetts disappeared July 18 while running and was missing for more than a month before her body was found. Her death was officially ruled a homicide, and Cristhian Bahena Rivera has been charged with first-degree murder. Authorities said that Rivera is in the country illegally, but his lawyer has disputed this. In the midst of confusion about his immigration status, the White House last week released a video about murders allegedly committed by illegal immigrants. "The Tibbetts family has been permanently separated. They are not alone," reads a tweet with the video. In her post, Murphy wrote, "You do not get to use her murder to inaccurately promote your 'permanently separated' hyperbole." "You do not have permission to callously use this tragedy to demonize an entire population for the acts of one man," she wrote. Murphy also spoke out against violent acts committed by men, citing statistics from a 2011 FBI report that found violent crimes such as murder are disproportionately committed by men in suburban areas. She said of Rivera: "He is a man who, because of his sense of male entitlement, refused to allow Mollie the right to reject his advances - the right to her own autonomy. Mollie was murdered because a man denied her right to say no." At Mollie's funeral on Sunday, her father seemed to allude to the controversy in a less direct manner during his eulogy. The California man said that during his six weeks staying in Iowa while searching for his daughter, he ate at several Mexican restaurants and was met with kindness by the employees. "The Hispanic community are Iowans. They have the same values as Iowans," he said, according to the Des Moines Register. "As far as I'm concerned, they're Iowans with better food." Last week another aunt of Mollie's, Billie Jo Calderwood, said she doesn't want Mollie's memory to get lost in the debate.	null
Viewpoint: Medicare For All – Too costly or worth the risk? 	A funny thing happened to public opinion since the Affordable Care Act, or “Obamacare,” was passed. Back in November 2010, voters rebelled against the relatively small changes in health care insurance implied by the ACA, and ill-informed commentators condemned it as socialized medicine. But since then, Americans have become much more comfortable with the idea of government involvement in health care. Single-payer, meaning government-provided, health insurance may be a litmus test for Democratic presidential candidates in 2020. Even a small majority of Republicans likes the idea of single-payer. The most popular branding of single-payer is Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders’ “Medicare For All.” MFA has been in the news recently, thanks to a study by the Libertarian-oriented Mercatus Center at George Mason University. The study projected the costs of MFA and found that the federal government’s health care spending would rise sharply, forcing federal tax collections to double. Yes, double! That was conservatives’ take-away. Liberals’ take-away was the study’s finding that under Sanders’ MFA bill, national health care expenditures (NHE) would fall by $2 trillion over 10 years. That is, while people would pay a lot more in taxes, the total amount they’d spend on health care would fall. Sanders crowed that this result came from a research center funded by the ultra-conservative Koch brothers. However, Sanders’ MFA bill assumes that doctors and hospitals would be paid at current Medicare rates for everything, which would be a substantial cut for them. The $2 trillion figure embodies that assumption. It’s an accurate depiction of Sanders’ MFA bill, but it overstates the likely cut in reimbursement rates. Under the opposite and equally extreme assumption, that reimbursement rates wouldn’t fall at all, the Mercatus study found that MFA would cause NHE to rise by $3 trillion over 10 years. Other studies predict greater reductions in NHE. One by Kenneth Thorpe of Emory University implies a drop of about $10 trillion over 10 years. But regardless of the reduction, the bigger issue may be how we get there. Even if we cut NHE by $10 trillion, our health care system would still be the most expensive in the world. And yet to achieve that reduction, the entire health system would be upended. Private health insurance would disappear. Taxes, as the Mercatus study showed, would rise sharply to pay for government-provided insurance. The process would be extremely disruptive, and we’d see the same fears and fear-mongering that we did when Obamacare was passed. Voters say they want single-payer, but would they be willing to take what they might see as a big risk? What’s getting lost in the debate is that single-payer is a mechanism, not a goal. Universal health care coverage is a goal, and there are several ways to achieve it. Single-payer isn’t the only one. In a recent ranking of the world’s best-performing health care systems, the top handful included Australia, Britain and the Netherlands. But the three countries take different approaches. Australia has a single-payer system. Britain has full-fledged socialized medicine in which the government owns the hospitals and employs the physicians. The Netherlands has a program of insurance subsidies similar to Obamacare. Each one achieves universal coverage. So if universal coverage is our goal, a version of Obamacare (one not consistently undermined by its opponents) could well be our best path. It might be less disruptive and more politically feasible than single-payer. Ralph Waldo Emerson said that life is a journey, not a destination. This might apply as well to universal health care coverage. How we try to get there may determine whether we can get there. Andrew Brod is a senior research fellow in UNCG’s Center for Business and Economic Research. Reach him at 336-707-6439 or acbrod@uncg.edu. An archive of his columns is available at http://cber.uncg.edu.	healthcare&biotechnology
This Week's PS4, Xbox One, Switch Deals At GameStop In The US	Each Wednesday, GameStop refreshes its weekly deals, offering discounts on a whole new set of games, hardware, and services. This week's selection isn't particularly large, but some good deals are available. Let's take a look at this week's PS4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch discounts. The big thing GameStop is advertising this week is the GameStop-exclusive Xbox One X Special Edition Fallout 76 bundle. Quantities are limited, so hop on this fast if you want it. It's a special edition white Xbox One X with a matching white controller. It officially launches on November 14, but buying it at GameStop gets you "early pick up" starting October 15. It comes with a digital copy of Fallout 76 (playable on November 14) and access to the beta first on Xbox One. The special white version of the Xbox Elite controller is also available. In terms of game discounts, you won't find too many deals, but the ones available are all pretty decent. The popular online action RPG Monster Hunter World is on sale for $40. All versions of LA Noire, including Switch, are $20. Grand Theft Auto V is also down to $20, but if you'd like a head start in GTA Online, you can pick up the Grand Theft Auto V: Premium Online Edition for $30. It comes with the game, plus the Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack, which includes GTA$1 million, plus additional properties, vehicles, weapons, and outfits valued at GTA$10 million. Some additional deals are live this week as well. If you trade in select games, you're guaranteed to get $20 credit toward the pre-order or purchase of any new game. And if you trade in select accessories--like a PS4 or Xbox One controller--you'll get 25% extra credit. You'll find more games listed below, or you can view the full weekly ad here. Dragon's Crown Pro-- $30 Grand Theft Auto V-- $20 Grand Theft Auto V: Premium Online Edition-- $30 LA Noire-- $20 Monster Hunter World-- $40 Star Wars Battlefront II-- $25 WWE 2K18: Deluxe Edition-- $20 XCOM 2 Collection-- $50	null
A 'sell-by' date for employees? Ageism and rethinking retirement 	WESTCHESTER, N.Y. – After 20-plus years as a local probation officer, Keoni May, who is now 68, was surprised by a shift in his employer’s attitude toward him. Throughout his career, he was awarded co... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	finance
Every Self-Respecting Professional Should Know These 4 Business-Critical Calculations 	In its simplest form, business is math. If the unit economics work in a business’s favor, then the business will succeed; otherwise, the business will fail (unless leadership is able to inject a fistful of venture capital into the operation). Even if you’re math-phobic, there are a few essential calculations you should know to better serve your organization. Though you might be able to use analytics tools to do the calculations for you, you should understand the underlying meaning of the metrics provided. Here’s a look at five equations, some simple, others less so, that you should know. The independent t-test is perhaps a bit more complicated. It's used to determine if two sample means are statistically significant, or if the difference in means is simply the result of random error. The equation provides a score, called the “t value.” Once you have calculated t, you must compare it to a “critical t value.” If t is larger than critical t, then you can conclude that the observed difference in means is statistically significant. It’s worth noting that you select the critical t value based on the level of confidence you’d like to have and on the size of the sample, which is called degrees of freedom. A common confidence level is 95 percent, meaning that there will only be a 5 percent chance that the variation between means is due to random error if t is larger than the critical t. Independent t-tests have a number of useful real-world applications. For example, let’s say you want to test two web pages to see which one converts better. In this case, the two page variants are your independent variables, and the conversion rates of the pages are your dependent variables (the means you wish to compare). You can use an independent t-test to determine if the difference in conversion rates is statistically meaningful. This free tool will do all the math for you, or you can learn more about doing the calculations yourself here. On the whole, how do your customers feel about your business? Thanks to the net promoter score, you’ll be able to answer that critical question. The net promoter score is derived from a one question survey presented to customers: “On a scale of 1-10, 10 being very likely, how likely are you to recommend this business to your friends or colleagues?” As detailed in a Harvard Business Review case study, Enterprise Rent-A-Car administered the NPS survey to their customers. Thanks to the insights generated, they found success against their competitors. Here’s how you can calculate an NPS score: Detractors (0 - 6 scores) - Promoters (9 - 10) / Total Number of Respondents x 100. Track your organization’s NPS score over time to learn how customers perceive your organization. You can even take a page out of the Enterprise playbook and start compensating customer-facing representatives based on the NPS scores associated with the customers they interact with. To what degree are two variables correlated? You can answer this question by calculating r, also known as Pearson Product-Moment Correlation. An r score is a score from -1 to 1. The closer the score is to either -1 or 1, the more correlated the two variables are. For example, the relationship between IQ and GPA has an r score of above .5, meaning the two measures are more than moderately correlated. Whereas the relationship between watching violent television and committing a violent act has an r score of .2, meaning the correlation is weak. If r is a negative number, it simply implies that the correlation is negative, for example, income and number of years spent in prison is probably negatively correlated. The fewer years you spend in prison, the higher your income. Calculating r can be done with the help of Excel or similar spreadsheet tools, or it can be done by hand. In either case, calculating r can help to break through office conjecture by providing colleagues or managers with a statistical explanation of relevant relationships. How long does it take your business to break even once a new customer is acquired? To do this calculation, you first need to know your customer acquisition cost. This calculation should take into account the expenses related to all customer facing roles involved in winning a new customer. For example, if you have an in-house sales and marketing team, the salary of everyone on the sales and marketing team, plus the cost of software, advertising, and employee benefits should be factored into the equation. Once you’ve collected all of these numbers you can calculate CAC: (Total Marketing Costs + Total Sales Costs) / Number of Customers Acquired. CAC is a simple, but powerful calculation. Marketers can calculate CAC per marketing channel to understand if particular channels acquire customers more cost effectively. Alternatively, senior managers can better understand how changing the composition or compensation of a team can alter CAC, and therefore the profitability of the business. You don't have to tell me that math isn't fun. It can be an uphill climb to understand these useful calculations. But now that you know these formulas, surely you’ll admit that math can be useful. The next time you’re faced with an important business decision, don’t just rely on your gut. Try to put some of the formulas you’ve learned into play to better anticipate how various decisions could impact your bottom line.	evergreen
How caddying is helping US students pay their way through college	Katya Tulak is spending her fourth summer at the Caddie Academy before heading to college. (CNN) - Katya Tulak was six when she immigrated from Indonesia to the US, her parents deciding to pursue a better education for their three children. Tulak will soon be studying nursing at the University of Washington, and, like her sister before her, will have the support of a tuition and housing scholarship. In part, that's thanks to the game of golf. Since 2012, the Western Golf Association (WGA) has been running a program that gives young people, specifically teenage girls from underprivileged backgrounds, the chance to work as golf caddies during summer vacation. Those enrolled in the Caddie Academy have the opportunity to apply for the Evans Scholarship -- a full tuition and housing scholarship for the duration of their time at college. Most of the girls at the Academy have never caddied before in their lives, and many will never have stepped foot on a golf course. "My first day of caddying was definitely nerve-wracking," Tulak tells CNN. "I didn't want to do the wrong thing. "It's funny because I'm not a big person and the golfers were saying, 'Oh, you're carrying two bags! You don't have another caddy to help?' "Some days I find very tiring due to the humidity and the hot weather, but I always told myself the end goal is to get the scholarship." The program, which today hosts 90 female and 11 male high school students from across the US, is based at 14 different golf courses in Illinois and has grown considerably since the inaugural class of 12 caddies took to the course six years ago. Participants in the Caddie Academy come from disadvantaged economic backgrounds, have demonstrated an excellent academic record or live in an area where they would be unable to otherwise caddie at a WGA-affiliated golf club. "We think caddying is a great summer job," explains Mike Maher, the founder of the program. "In our opinion there's not nearly enough women and girls caddying and experiencing the benefits of a stepping stone job for really big things later on in life." Days at the academy are long, typically starting at 6 am with caddies hitting the course six days a week. As far as Maher is concerned, the seven-week program is about more than just learning the ins and outs of caddying. "It's about how they use caddying and the benefits of that, in terms of time management, money management, dealing with different personalities," he explains. "You get a different boss each day." The WGA raises funds through professional tournaments, notably September's BMW Championship, one of four PGA Tour events in the FedExCup. As a result, it has paid $20 million in scholarship costs during the 2017-18 academic year and has contributed $365 million throughout its history. Yet despite connections with elite tournaments, most of the girls have no experience of golf prior to joining the academy. The intention is not necessarily for the girls to fall in love with the game of golf -- rather, to use it as a platform for academic, personal and professional development. But for Alzberta Nei, the daughter of Haitian immigrants, it was enough to catch the golf bug just slightly. "I had very little knowledge of golf at all, I really knew nothing," she explains. "But on our days off on Mondays we had golf lessons twice throughout the whole program. Not a full 18 or 9 holes but we played a couple just for fun. 	education
Publix Premium Ground Coffee – As Low As $2.75	You can grab a nice deal on Publix Premium Ground Coffee this week! With the BOGO sale and digital coupon you pay as little as $2.75 for a bag! You guys in true BOGO will also get a good deal and pay just $3.25 per bag when you buy 2 with the coupon. Add this deal to your shopping list over on the Publix Ad & Coupons Week Of 8/30 to 9/5 (8/29 to 9/4 For Some).	null
U.S. weekly rail traffic up 3.9 percent	For this week, total U.S. weekly rail traffic was 565,706 carloads and intermodal units, up 3.9 percent compared with the same week last year. Total carloads for the week ending August 25 were 275,334 carloads, up 1.8 percent compared with the same week in 2017, while U.S. weekly intermodal volume was 290,372 containers and trailers, up 6 percent compared to 2017. Eight of the 10 carload commodity groups posted an increase compared with the same week in2017. They included grain, up 2,184 carloads, to 22,064; petroleum and petroleum products, up 1,980 carloads, to 11,332; and metallic ores and metals, up 1,587 carloads, to 25,451. Commodity groups that posted decreases compared with the same week in 2017 were coal, down 5,010 carloads, to 91,300; and miscellaneous carloads, down 27 carloads, to 9,881. For the first 34 weeks of 2018, U.S. railroads reported cumulative volume of 8,901,367 carloads, up 1.7 percent from the same point last year; and 9,417,104 intermodal units, up 6 percent from last year. Total combined U.S. traffic for the first 34 weeks of 2018 was 18,318,471 carloads and intermodal units, an increase of 3.9 percent compared to last year. North American rail volume for the week endingAugust 25, 2018, on 12 reporting U.S., Canadian and Mexican railroads totaled 381,287 carloads, up 1.6 percent compared with the same week last year, and 383,099 intermodal units, up 4.8 percent compared with last year. Total combined weekly rail traffic in North America was 764,386 carloads and intermodal units, up 3.2 percent. North American rail volume for the first 34 weeksof 2018 was 24,685,171 carloads and intermodal units, up 3.5 percent compared with 2017. Canadian railroads reported 85,021 carloads for the week, up 3.4 percent, and 72,983 intermodal units, up 2.9 percent compared with the same week in 2017. For the first 34 weeks of 2018, Canadian railroads reported cumulative rail traffic volume of 5,055,944 carloads, containers and trailers, up 3.9 percent. Mexican railroads reported 20,932 carloads for the week, down 6.6 percent compared with the same week last year, and 19,744 intermodal units, down 4.3 percent. Cumulative volume on Mexican railroads for the first 34 weeks of 2018was 1,310,756 carloads and intermodal containers and trailers. ■	transportation
Google clarifies location-tracking policy 	SAN FRANCISCO - Google has revised an erroneous description on its website of how its "Location History" setting works, clarifying that it continues to track users even if they've disabled the setting. The change came three days after an Associated Press investigation revealed that several Google apps and websites store user location even if users have turned off Location History. Google has not changed its location-tracking practice in that regard. But its help page for the Location History setting now states: "This setting does not affect other location services on your device." It also acknowledges that "some location data may be saved as part of your activity on other services, like Search and Maps." Previously, the page stated: "With Location History off, the places you go are no longer stored." The AP observed that the change occurred midday Thursday, a finding confirmed by Internet Archive snapshots taken earlier in the day. The AP investigation found that even with Location History turned off, Google stores user location when, for instance, the Google Maps app is opened, or when users conduct Google searches that aren't related to location. Automated searches of the local weather on some Android phones also store the phone's whereabouts. In a Thursday statement to the AP, Google said: "We have been updating the explanatory language about Location History to make it more consistent and clear across our platforms and help centres." The statement contrasted with a statement Google sent to the AP several days ago that said in part, "We provide clear descriptions of these tools." Jonathan Mayer, a Princeton computer scientist and former chief technologist for the Federal Communications Commission's enforcement bureau, said the wording change was a step in the right direction. But it doesn't fix the underlying confusion Google created by storing location information in multiple ways, he said. "The notion of having two distinct ways in which you control how your location data is stored is inherently confusing," he said Thursday. "I can't think off the top of my head of any major online service that architected their location privacy settings in a similar way." K. Shankari, a UC Berkeley graduate researcher whose findings initially alerted the AP to the issue, said Thursday the change was a "good step forward," but added "they can make it better." For one thing, she said, the page still makes no mention of another setting called "Web & App Activity." Turning that setting off that would in fact stop recording location data. Huge tech companies are under increasing scrutiny over their data practices, following a series of privacy scandals at Facebook and new data-privacy rules recently adopted by the European Union. Last year, the business news site Quartz found that Google was tracking Android users by collecting the addresses of nearby cellphone towers even if all location services were off. Google changed the practice and insisted it never recorded the data anyway. Critics say Google's insistence on tracking its users' locations stems from its drive to boost advertising revenue. It can charge advertisers more if they want to narrow ad delivery to people who've visited certain locations. Several observers also noted that Google is still bound by a 20-year agreement it struck with the Federal Trade Commission in 2011. That consent decree requires Google to not misrepresent to consumers how they can protect their privacy. Google agreed to that order in response to an FTC investigation of its now-defunct social networking service Google Buzz, which the agency accused of publicly revealing users' most frequent Gmail contacts. A year later, Google was fined $22.5 million for breaking the agreement after it served some users of Apple's Safari browser so-called tracking cookies in violation of settings that were meant to prevent that. The FTC has declined to say whether it had begun investigating Google for how it has described Location History. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	informationtechnology
Crossrail project has faced concerns over schedule, funding and safety 	The countdown to the opening of the route which will be known as the Elizabeth line has not run smoothly. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	construction
What Time Does the Stock Market Open and Close Globally?	Looking to break into the world of trading and investing? You'll need to know a lot of different time periods to get the best sense of when you should be doing your trading. For starters, you'll definitely need to know the standard trading hours on U.S. stock exchanges like the Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange. But what if you're investing in something available elsewhere, based in another country? When are the markets from that country open? And what if you're looking to do some additional trading before or after? Can you do it, and should you? Here is what you need to know about when the stock market opens, and when it closes. As mentioned, the two major stock exchanges in the United States are the Nasdaq and the NYSE. If you're trading on both of these, you're in luck; they both have the same market hours. The Nasdaq and NYSE, from Monday through Friday, open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time and close at 4:00 p.m. ET. With occasional exceptions for holidays, of course. A few of these holidays also lead to early closes on additional days. For example, on the Friday after Thanksgiving Day, the stock market closes after 1:00 p.m. ET. If Christmas Eve or the day before Independence Day fall on a weekday, those days are also subject to early closes, with the market again closing at 1:00 p.m. If Independence Day is a Saturday, then Friday, July 3, is still recognized as a holiday and the exchanges are closed. Can You Trade Before and After Trading Hours? But what if you want to trade or make an investment outside of the standard market hours? It's possible, but a risky endeavor should you choose it - far fewer people trading can have a big effect on stock prices. In the U.S. there are premarket hours where you can trade on the market for several hours before it opens, from 4:00 a.m.-9:30 a.m ET. There are also several hours after the close of the market known as aftermarket hours that allow trading, and those are 4:00 p.m. -8:00 p.m. ET. American stock exchanges aren't the only ones with extended trading hours. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange, for example, allows for a premarket session from 9:00 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. local time prior to the market opening. The Toronto Stock Exchange gives traders a full hour after the close of the market, from 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. local time, to do additional trading. These extended hours may be helpful for someone looking to make a move when big news breaks on a company outside of market hours. After all, news doesn't always break at the most opportune time. But aspiring investors should still approach premarket and aftermarket hours with great caution. There are significantly fewer people trading during these extended hours, which can often mean greater volatility in stock price. Having so little trading going on can also have a big effect on the liquidity of a deal. With so much less volume, it can be harder to buy and sell shares in exchange for a liquid asset like cash. It's also of great import to know when other stock exchanges around the world are open for trading, if your investment is international. Here are the standard hours of some global stock exchanges in local time. The market action so far in 2018 is bringing to light an overlooked investing strategy: Add money to the markets regularly. The Dow and S&P 500 trade lower, putting in jeopardy their four-day winning streaks. The Nasdaq secures another intraday record high.	finance
Gilas Pilipinas vs. Syria: Time, Live Stream for 2018 Asian Games	Gilas Pilipinas is not going to earn a medal in men's basketball in the Asian Games, but the team is assured of no worse than a sixth-place finish in the international competition. While that may not sound glorious, it does represent an improvement for the Philippines. The team finished seventh in the 2014 Asian Games. If head coach Yeng Guiao's team can pick up a win Thursday over Syria, Gilas will finish in fifth place. Guiao liked what he saw in the Philippines' last game against Japan. Gilas rolled to a 113-80 win over the short-handed Japanese team. Jordan Clarkson of the Cleveland Cavaliers and Christian Standhardinger combined for 49 points in the victory. "We're just trying to salvage the best-placed finish that we can and try to play good," Guiao said, per Sid Ventura for ESPN.com. "We're trying to finish on a winning note. I think that's a good going-away present Jordan before he goes back to the States for (training) camp. We want to feel good about this whole thing. Of course, we've had some sorry losses." The Philippines and Syria will tip off at 7:30 am. ET in Jakarta, Indonesia, and the game will be live-streamed on YouTube. The game against Japan was fairly close late in the second quarter, when Gilas decided to put their opponents away. Holding a slim three-point lead, the Filipinos went on an 18-0 run bridging the second and third quarters to drain their opponents of any real chance of coming away with an upset victory. The Philippines had dropped its quarterfinal game to South Korea by a 91-82 score prior to the win over Japan. Gilas had beaten Kazakhstan in its tournament opener before losing to China. Syria played competitively in dropping an 82-75 decision to Chinese Taipei, but it bounced back with a 76-66 win over Indonesia. Syria had lost its first tournament game to Iran.	sports
St. Louis prosecutor lists 28 officers on 'exclusion list'	ST. LOUIS (AP) — The top prosecutor in St. Louis has established what she calls an "exclusion list" of 28 city police officers and is reviewing all open cases in which those officers were essential witnesses. The action by Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, first reported in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and confirmed Thursday by Gardner's spokeswoman, drew an immediate response from the state's top law enforcement official. Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley says he is "deeply concerned," though he isn't sure what authority his office has to intervene. Gardner provided the police department with the list of officers. Her office has not said why the officers were placed on the list but Gardner says in a statement that "any break in trust must be approached with deep concern." Police Chief John Hayden says the department is seeking "legal guidance."	government
SUNSHINE SHOWDOWN: Florida Governor’s Race Pits Bernie’s Candidate VS Trump’s Pick	Florida’s upcoming governor’s race is shaping up to be a major 2020 indicator, with Bernie Sanders-backed Democrat Andrew Gillum facing-off against President Trump’s favored candidate Ron DeSantis. “With 94 percent of the votes counted, Gillum had an unofficial 3 percentage point lead over his closest rival, former U.S. Rep. Gwen Graham. Gillum overwhelmed Graham in Miami-Dade and Broward, the state’s two largest Democratic counties, by more than a 2-to-1 margin, in the highest turnout for a midterm primary election in Florida history,” writes the Miami Herald. “I am overwhelmed,” said Gillum in Tallahassee Tuesday night. “I want you to know that this thing is not about me. This race is about every single one of us. Those of us inside this room. Those outside of this room. Those who voted for me. Those who didn’t vote at all. And those who didn’t vote for me because they are Republicans. But I want to be their governor, too.” President Trump praised DeSantis Tuesday evening, saying the GOP candidate would be a “great governor” for the residents of Florida. Read the full story at the Miami Herald. The post SUNSHINE SHOWDOWN: Florida Governor’s Race Pits Bernie’s Candidate VS Trump’s Pick appeared first on Sean Hannity.	government
Penn State Football: KJ Hamler’s speed headlines starting role	Penn State football receiver KJ Hamler opened the year on the starting depth chart. The speedy receiver completes a solid receiving trio. One of the biggest storylines of the game one depth chart has to be KJ Hamler‘s appearance atop the slot position. Penn State football boasted veteran DeAndre Thompkins and Brandon Polk as returners at that spot. However, Hamler beat out both for the starting job with Thompkins starting outside and Polk backing him up. The move turned out was quite the surprise, considering Hamler is a redshirt freshman. According to the Collegian, Thompkins was projected to start in the slot, while Polk went to the outside spot. Thompkins had 58 catches, 916 yards and six total touchdowns to his name, and he seemed like the best option. The senior receiver has proven himself to be a strong starter. He obviously gets his shot at the outside, but it’s a surprise for sure. In reference to Brandon Polk, he had rapport with McSorley playing with him in high school and had 36 career touches for Penn State. Hamler caught one pass for 50 yards and added one carry for 10 more on the ground. He was a star in high school, garnering four stars as a receiving prospect. Hamler had enough athletic talent and speed to play at IMG Academy in 2016. While he was there, IMG went 12-0 and won a national title. Although he did not get to play, IMG has a reputation for churning out top-tier athletes. Hamler’s redshirt year gave him a chance to adjust to the college game. Along with strong, No. 1 wide out Juwan Johnson and Thompkins, Hamler has a chance to breakout early. He’ll get a lot of one-on-one coverage with defenses trying to double-up on Johnson. Mac Hippenhammer will provide depth at the slot receiver spot. His performance in the spring game gives the Nittany Lions a solid one-two punch at the position. He caught four passes for 43 yards and two touchdowns in the blue-white game.	sports
MARKETS: Ulta is a Kardashian story, Lululemon is an e-commerce story	From the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Yahoo Finance's Jared Blikre joins Stephanie Sy to break down the latest market moves. Here's the performance of select trending stocks as of 2:00 pm EDT: GERN(HB) Geron Corp 5.37% PBR Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. ADS 2.71% CGC(HB) Canopy Growth 2.79% GEVO(HB) Gevo Inc 1.96% JCP(HB) Penney (J.C.) 1.44% AAPL Apple Inc 1.29% HMNY(HB,F) Helios and Matheson Analytics 1.93% X U.S. Steel Corporation 1.19%	retail
The Latest: Ohio State trustee chair backs Meyer process 	COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — The Latest on the resignation of an Ohio State trustee over football coach's suspension (all times local): 6:05 p.m. The chairman of Ohio State University's board of trustees has praised the process that went into investigating football coach Urban Meyer. Trustee Michael Gasser says in a Thursday email released by the university that he was proud of the independence of Ohio State's investigative committee. Ohio State last week suspended Meyer and athletic director Gene Smith, finding they tolerated bad behavior for years from a now-fired assistant coach also accused of but not charged with domestic violence. Gasser expressed pride in the work of outside experts and the board's "deliberative nature" to find common ground on a complicated set of facts. Gasser's email was in response to an email from trustee Jeffrey Wadsworth, who wanted a stiffer penalty for Meyer and who resigned from the board in protest. 3:40 p.m. An Ohio State University trustee who thought football coach Urban Meyer deserved more than a three-game suspension has resigned from the board. Former board chairman Jeffrey Wadsworth resigned after Ohio State suspended Meyer and athletic director Gene Smith last week following a two-week investigation. It found they tolerated bad behavior for years from a now-fired assistant coach also accused of but not charged with domestic violence. Wadsworth told the New York Times on Thursday that he alone advocated a stiffer penalty when trustees discussed Meyer. Wadsworth said he left the daylong meeting at lunch, learned the trustees' decision after it was publicized and resigned that night. Ohio State says Wadsworth, a retired president of Battelle Memorial Institute, was "an exceptionally valuable member of the board," where he'd served since 2010	sports
Kramer Hickok leads Web.com Tour Finals event 	BEECHWOOD, Ohio — Kramer Hickok shot a 7-under 63 on Thursday to take the first-round lead in the DAP Championship, the second of four Web.com Tour Finals events that will determine 25 PGA Tour cards. Hickok had eight birdies and a bogey to match the course record at Canterbury Golf Club. The 26-year-old former Texas player already earned a PGA Tour card with a 23rd-place finish on the Web.com Tour regular-season money list. He was the Mackenzie Tour-PGA Tour Canada player of the year last season. Hickock missed a 15-foot birdie putt on the par-4 18th, leaving him tied with Bobby Wyatt's for the course record. Wyatt set the mark in the 2016 event. "I had no idea," Hickok said. "I really wanted it to drop. I actually misread it a little bit. I hit my line perfectly, but it went a little right on me. It would've been cool to set the record, but I'll take 63." Justin Hueber was a stroke back, and Adam Schenk, Stephan Jaeger and Eric Axley shot 66. Defending champion Nicholas Lindheim and five-time PGA Tour winner Ben Crane topped the group at 67. "It's a fresh start, it's kind of nice," Hueber said. "I didn't play the last five events very well and it kind of feels like a new season where anything goes. You have four chances to play well." Robert Streb had a 69. He won the Nationwide Children's Hospital Championship on Sunday in Columbus, Ohio, to regain full PGA Tour status. The series features the top 75 players — Hueber was 42nd — from the Web.com regular-season money list, Nos. 126-200 — Lindheim was 146th, Crane 148th, Schenk 157th, Jaeger 165th and Axley 217th — in the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup standings; and non-members with enough money to have placed in the top 200. Hickok and the other top-25 finishers on the Web.com regular-season money list are competing against each other for tour priority, with regular-season earnings counting in their totals. Hickok jumped from 23rd to 13th last week in Ohio with a tie for 14th. "I feel like I have nothing to lose," Hickok said. "I can go miss every cut and be in the same position as where I started. The only way is up for me right now and anytime you can play golf stress-free, you're going to play your best. Hopefully I can continue to do that the next three days." The other players are fighting for 25 cards based on series earnings. 	sports
Europe And Asia Pacific Carbon Emissions Trading Market 2017-2024 Featuring EEX Group, Intercontinental Exchange, Inc, Korea Exchange & OMF	The "2018 Carbon Emissions Trading Market: Europe And Asia Pacific" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. The European and the Asia Pacific Carbon Emissions Trading market has been gaining massive traction in recent years. Several companies operating in the European and the Asia Pacific Carbon Emissions Trading market have witnessed tremendous growth since 2005. This growth is driven by the Paris agreement, which sets out a global action plan to put the world on track to avoid dangerous climate change by limiting global warming. This study aims to provide a detailed analysis of the European and the Asia Pacific Carbon Emissions Trading market along with a competitive analysis for 2017 and market forecasts to 2024. 	finance
Paragraph 2 of the Beijing Platform for Action, Chapter I: Mission Statement	2. The Platform for Action reaffirms the fundamental principle set forth in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, /2 adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights, that the human rights of women and of the girl child are an inalienable, integral and indivisible part of universal human rights. As an agenda for action, the Platform seeks to promote and protect the full enjoyment of all human rights and the fundamental freedoms of all women throughout their life cycle. Beijing Declaration (1995) One can find similar statements in other documents, conventions, declarations and so on, with the subsequent statements of equality or women’s rights:	non-profit&civilorganization
Formula E links up with best young minds in art and design to create new trophies 	Formula E has teamed-up with Central Saint Martins - a world-famous arts and design college - to challenge some of the most innovative and creative young minds to develop a new set of trophies for the ABB FIA Formula E Championship. The electric street racing series worked in conjunction with a selection of product design graduates from the highly-acclaimed arts school - a constituent college of the University of the Arts London - in a bid to invent bespoke trophies that visually capture and resemble the unique identity of Formula E. Following a wide brief with plenty of scope for inspiring imagination, the graduates presented their ideas and prototypes with four designs progressing to the final stage in front of a judging panel of Formula E representatives. It was the eye-catching layered design of Swedish-born graduate Ellen Nyqvist who devised the winner’s trophy - to be handed to the winning driver of the ABB FIA Formula E Championship. To learn more about the design brief and selection process, click here The concept depicts the shapes and outlines of some of the most liked and recognisable circuits on the Formula E calendar, which was determined by a fan poll. Alongside the mixture of colours and curves, the trophy has a piece of original prose inscribed along the edge of the gold track, composed by the designer to encapsulate the significance of the award and its place in history - lasting, timeless and forever being remembered as a champion. ‘Formula E. Adrenaline still pumping like electricity in your veins, zoom out from your tunnel vision and let your eyes meet the audience. Let it sink in, embrace it. When you hold me, it’s all calm again. Like the world is catching her breath. Everything you went for, what made your heartbeat raise, what made your foot press the pedal, is now history. A history you made, a history you’re holding in your hands, a history setting the lead towards the future.’ The final designs were assembled and produced by Special EFX Ltd. with the winning driver receiving a replica and the original trophy being kept on display at Formula E’s headquarters in London. Adding to the collection of prizes on offer, the dynamic design of fellow Central Saint Martins graduate Sarunas Plyskaitis was chosen for the trophies to be presented after the chequered flag falls at each race. The elegant and flowing style is based on the electrifying ‘E’ in the Formula E logo - with the same trophy also being given to the winning team from each season, as well as the winners of individual categories at the annual end of season awards gala. Steven Aspinall, Head of Design at Formula E and former student at Central Saint Martins, said: “To collaborate with a world-renowned creative institution like Central Saint Martins was an honour. The creativity of the graduates and their interpretation of our brand was refreshing to see. We wanted to create championship trophies that would be uniquely Formula E. Ellen and Sarunas have delivered on this brief with dynamism, beauty and style.” Paul De'Ath, BA Product Design Course Leader at Central Saint Martins, said: “Having an opportunity to showcase the creative product design talent at  Central Saint Martins, within the exciting and emerging sector of electric vehicles and motorsport, is a superb example of how art and design can be successfully engaged with Formula E’s progressive and fast-moving business.” Adam has been a race fan since the first time he went through the tunnel under the Daytona International Speedway almost 30 years ago. He has had the privilege of traveling to races all across the state of Florida (as well as one race in Ohio), watching nearly everything with a motor compete for fame and glory, as well as participating in various racing schools to get the feel of what racecar drivers go through every week.   Be sure to tune in for his sports talk program, Thursday Night Thunder, where he discusses the latest in motorsports news with drivers, crew members, and fans. The show takes place (almost) every Thursday at 8:00 pm EST on the Speedway Digest Radio Network.  U.S. Army Racing Trio Primed for Drag Racing’s Biggest Stage in Indy 2018 SCCA Mechanic of the Year Nominations Sought Nominations Sought for '18 SCCA Worker of the Year, Presented by Mazda Third Annual SCCA Runoffs 5K Walk/Run Tackles Hills of Wine Country UK software engineer named as first Modis Formula E Innovation Manager More in this category: « Third Annual SCCA Runoffs 5K Walk/Run Tackles Hills of Wine Country Nominations Sought for '18 SCCA Worker of the Year, Presented by Mazda » 	automotiveindustry
ForexLive European FX news wrap: Markets rock back and forth on the risk swing	JPY leads, NZD lags on the day European equities all lower, but off the lows Gold down 0.18% to $1,204.42 WTI up 0.65% to $69.95 US 10-year yields flat at 2.885% Bitcoin down 1.68% to $6,924 The session started off slowly with most major currencies trading in a narrow range barring the aussie and kiwi, which were both weighed down since Asian trading as a result of poor economic data releases. The DAX was the heavy loser among European equities, falling as much as 1.1% while indices were sitting not too far behind. After some calm, the euro and pound slowly recovered some ground again as buyers continue to keep the euro underpinned against the dollar and buyers also show conviction to keep cable above 1.3000. Late in the session, a report hit the wires that the EU is willing to scrap car tariffs in negotiations with the US and that has seen European equities recover with the DAX now only down by 0.3% and yields are also very much flat on the day too. That has also helped to provide some stability to major currencies ahead of US trading as they trade narrowly with each other with only the kiwi showing notable losses. Even the aussie has recovered a little on the day. Looking at individual currencies, EUR/USD traded around 1.1690-00 to begin the session before falling to 1.1675 as risk off flows crept in. The pair then moved back higher to trade around starting levels towards the end of the session. GBP/USD played out in a similar manner trading around 1.3020-30 before running higher to test a high of 1.3043 early on. The pair then slid a little back to the earlier range before risk off flows sent the pair to test bids just under the 1.3000 handle. But buyers held firm and kept the pair above the figure level and price has moved around current levels since. USD/CHF may only be in a 30 pips range but the pair tracked to lows of 0.9686 as European equities fell before the dollar also was bid on the back of broader risk off flows and the pair has since traded around 0.9690-10 levels since. AUD/USD and NZD/USD largely saw moves during the Asian session. Both started the European session near the lows and traded towards 0.7275 and 0.6645 respectively early on. But they both tracked a little higher thereafter and despite risk off flows, there weren't much movement in either currencies to say the least. Both pairs are off their lows for the day but continue to stay weak.	finance
Giuliani preps report to rebut potential Mueller findings	(CNN) — President Donald Trump's legal team is preparing a report that will contain sections rebutting a series of potential conclusions special counsel Robert Mueller could reach in his eventual findings, Rudy Giuliani tells CNN. Giuliani, Trump's lead outside attorney, said he is in Washington now working on the report that will include rebuttal sections on everything from collusion with Russia in the 2016 election to fired national security adviser Michael Flynn to obstruction of justice in order to be prepared for what may be included in Mueller's expected report. Giuliani said they don't know what Mueller is up to nor the timing of any special counsel report. But they are working on a rebuttal -- which will serve as a public relations document as much as a legal document -- in attempt to be prepared. According to Giuliani, Mueller could go dark publicly until after the midterm election in November but still work behind the scenes. But, as CNN has reported, the Justice Department doesn't have a formal 60-day quiet period before elections -- though that has been a custom that's been followed in the past. It is up to US attorneys to decide based on their judgment how to make sure they don't take overt investigative steps that could affect a candidate or campaign for election. A source briefed on the rebuttal report by the President's legal team says it is already half completed. Trump's legal team maintains it hasn't closed the door on the possibility of a Mueller interview with the President, but they say they still haven't received a response to their most recent proposal sent to the special counsel earlier this month. The President's legal team was surprised that former Trump attorney Michael Cohen's guilty plea included a statement essentially alleging the President conspired with Cohen to violate campaign finance law. The President's lawyers now expect that Mueller's report could include the Cohen allegations as part of the special counsel investigative findings.	government
Jew-ish: The Gray Area of Being a Modern Jew	I have been proud to be Jewish my whole life. It is an active part of my identity, something that I choose to make a visible part of who I am. I have found that this part of myself has not only played a major role in my understanding of who I am, but also the way other people see me and the many discrepancies between the two. I couldn’t just jump into my own relationship with Judaism without explaining the context of how it came to be. All four of my maternal great-grandparents faced extreme religious persecution during their lives: my grandmother’s parents immigrated to the United States to escape the strong anti-Jewish trends of 19th-century Russia, and my grandfather’s parents suffered the effects of antisemitism during the Nazi occupation of Poland and the Holocaust, culminating with my great-grandmother’s death in Bergen-Belsen. My grandfather survived the Holocaust but was unable to return to his home due to the strong antisemitic sentiments and actions carried out even after the war. While the Holocaust produced a uniquely tragic story for every family, many yielded similar results. Jews today are spread across the world, and diasporic Jews often struggle with the nuances of their culture, as it varies from a religion to a race to a nationality. The recent death of my grandfather has only strengthened my Jewish identity and has affirmed my love of my culture. The suffering he and his family endured solely on the basis of religion and ethnicity is horrific; being able to honor and practice that part of my heritage is the least I can do to carry on their legacies. That being said, being a modern Jew in America is fairly loaded. Judaism is unlike any other culture I know, as it is both a religion and an ethnicity. This leads to some confusion, especially for non-Jews. For me, practicing Judaism as a religion and as a culture are two very different things; of course they can be done together, but doing one and not the other doesn’t make me any less Jewish. In my experience, I have always practiced Judaism culturally. There are many reasons for this: my father is Catholic and my parents chose not to raise my brother and me with a strong religious background. My grandfather’s experience in the Holocaust also led him to a loss of faith –what God would let such an unimaginable evil befall His own people? – and this certainly shaped the religious structure of our family. No, I didn’t have a bat mitzvah. I don’t speak Hebrew, I don’t keep Kosher, I don’t go to Hillel or attend services regularly and I have never been to Israel. However, what makes me Jewish is the way I choose to practice it: through observance of certain holidays, food and even humor. A lot of people don’t understand this separation of culture and religion and often conflate the two. I have had other Jews try to tell me I’m not Jewish because my last name isn’t Jewish, because I didn’t have a bat mitzvah or because of just about anything else. On the flip side, I have had countless encounters with people who treat me as their “token Jewish friend,” asking me to speak for the entirety of a community I am not particularly involved in. One that, internally, has so many diverse viewpoints I could never possibly answer on behalf of all of them. There isn’t a flag to wave or a homeland to claim as my own, but I will always have the values and traditions that made me the person I am today. I have always been the only Jewish person in my close group of friends for as long as I can remember. I love sharing my culture with my non-Jewish friends – one of my fondest memories is making Hanukkah dinner for my high school and college friends – but being asked to represent the entirety of the Jewish community is a huge burden to bear. The truth is, I am not super Jewish, and I probably never will be. But that does not mean that I am unbothered by the antisemitic behavior I have seen and heard, especially from people I consider friends. Just because I am not an active member of the Jewish community doesn’t make it hurt any less to hear people who love me say antisemitic things under the veil of political correctness or say “Jewish,” with a negative connotation. It would be unreasonable to get through a reflection on my Jewish identity without touching on Israel and Palestine, since that’s what I get asked the most about as the “token Jewish friend.” During World War II, Palestine took in many members of my family when other nations would not, and it is not antisemitic to condemn the human rights abuses taking place there. That being said, not having a staunch pro-Israel stance does not make it acceptable to ask me to turn on my own community or to speak with antisemitic undertones, solely because I have a liberal perspective not held by all members of the Jewish community. I do not have a strong connection to Israel beside the fact that I have family living there. It is not a place I consider my homeland. Something that I have found with other people with similar Jewish values is a lack of a sense of national identity. It is hard to feel patriotic as an American when neo-Nazis feel empowered to march openly and speak freely in 2018. I don’t feel Polish or Russian, as those countries clearly didn’t want us. And even though Israel is home to a family whom I love, it is not my home. To me, this is why being grounded in my culture is so valuable. There isn’t a flag to wave or a homeland to claim as my own, but I will always have the values and traditions that made me the person I am today. And matzo balls. Hannah Jackson follows her own rules when it comes to defining her religious and cultural identity. 	non-profit&civilorganization
Researcher admits plot to steal GSK secrets to sell in China	PHILADELPHIA — A cancer researcher pleaded guilty Friday to conspiring to steal biopharmaceutical trade secrets from GlaxoSmithKline in what prosecutors said was a scheme that involved plans to set up companies in China to market them. Yu Xue entered a guilty plea in federal court to a single conspiracy count. The government dropped more than two dozen other pending counts against the researcher. In court Friday, Xue said she didn't understand that the material she was emailing to her private account and then to others— including portions of her own patent application for certain research— was considered trade secrets. "A trade secret to me is not publicly available. The patents I sent to them is publicly available," she said, noting that she sent the preliminary application for a patent on her research. Judge Joel Slomsky noted that prosecutors did not have to prove that she understood it was a trade secret, but that she knew she was sharing confidential materials. Slomsky said he believed federal prosecutors had met that burden of proof. Prosecutors have described the 48-year-old U.S. citizen as one of the top protein biochemists in the world. She had worked at GlaxoSmithKline's research facility in suburban Philadelphia for about a decade and had become a senior manager. She was fired shortly after charges were brought against her in early 2016. Prosecutors had accused her of downloading and emailing confidential information including research on specific cancer drugs and working with four others, including two people in China, charged in connection with the scheme. Another research scientist at GlaxoSmithKline, Tao Li, was also charged in the scheme. She has a change of plea hearing scheduled before the court in a few weeks, but it was unclear if she would be pleading to the same charge as Xue. Slomsky set a sentencing hearing for Dec. 18, but agreed to hold an evidentiary hearing prior to that date that will largely focus on the difference between prosecutors' and defense attorneys' arguments about how serious the crime was and how much potential financial damage was caused. Xue is facing up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. She could also be forced to pay restitution for the value of those secrets, which would be capped at $2 billion. "There are vast differences between the parties as to the value and importance of the information stolen," Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Livermore said. Federal prosecutors have had to drop charges or withdraw cases in several other high-profile trade secret cases in recent years, including that of Temple University professor Xiaoxing Xi, who was accused of stealing sensitive technology involving superconductivity in 2015. Charges were dropped when investigators realized the information shared did not amount to trade secrets.	healthcare&biotechnology
Chicken Salad Chick To Make Debut In Hattiesburg	Auburn, AL  (RestaurantNews.com)  Chicken Salad Chick, the nation’s only southern inspired, fast casual chicken salad restaurant concept, announced today the opening of its newest franchised location in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Marking the brand’s 93rd restaurant overall and second opening in 8 days, the Hattiesburg location reflects Chicken Salad Chick’s explosive growth and aggressive development efforts throughout the South. Located at 3002 Hardy St., the Hattiesburg restaurant will celebrate its grand opening on August 29th, with four days of giveaways including free chicken salad for a year to the first 100 guests. During grand opening week, guests will experience the southern hospitality that Chicken Salad Chick is known for, with giveaways and specials that include: The Hattiesburg restaurant is owned and operated by husband-and-wife franchisees Blake and Shae Fuller of Taste and C, LLC. Blake was first introduced to Chicken Salad Chick when he met founder Stacy Brown and her husband, Kevin while working as a food broker. He was immediately drawn to the brand’s welcoming culture and mounting success, which fueled his desire to become a Chicken Salad Chick franchisee. After trying the food firsthand, the Fullers, along with their business partners David Stephens and Walt Marcello, decided to bring Chicken Salad Chick to more communities throughout Mississippi. With their first restaurant in Flowood experiencing great success, the Fullers are excited to open their second restaurant in Hattiesburg and have plans to open two additional locations in Jackson, Mississippi within the next year. “Joining Chicken Salad Chick has been one of our greatest decisions,” said Shae Fuller. “Since the opening of our first location, the amount of love and excitement we’ve seen from residents around Mississippi has been astounding. From the quaint dining atmosphere to the flavorful chicken salad recipes, guests embrace and adore what Chicken Salad Chick is all about. We are excited to share this one-of-a-kind experience with the residents of Hattiesburg and know the unique flavors will leave them speechless.” Stacy Brown, Chicken Salad Chick founder. The Chicken Salad Chick concept, born in Auburn, was established in 2008 in the kitchen of founder, Stacy Brown. When Stacy discovered that the local county health department would not allow her to continue making and selling her delicious recipes out of her home kitchen, she overcame that obstacle by launching her first restaurant with the business expertise of her future husband and fellow founder, Kevin Brown. Together, they opened a small takeout restaurant, which quickly grew; the company now has 93 restaurants across the Southeast. *Eligible winners must be over 16 years of age, purchase a Chick Special and are required to download the Craving Credits app. Redemption will start 9/3. ** Eligible winners must make required purchase for all giveaways. Limit one giveaway per guest per purchase. Must be 16 years of age or older. Colors for tumblers will be given on a first come, first serve basis.	food
Tesla Designs Wireless Charger 	Tesla was briefly selling its own wireless smartphone charger on its online store, but the devices have already sold out. The $65 gadget supported both wireless and wired charging, and could also be used as a portable charging pack. Business Insider gives some of the specs from Tesla's smartphone charger inlcuding: 5W wireless charging 7W wired charging USB-A or USB-C charging capability 21 hours additional talk time or 18 hours additional web browsing. Also, an internal battery that can be charged with a USB-A cable from any USB port. https://www.businessinsider.com/tesla... http://www.wochit.com This video was produced by YT Wochit Business using http://wochit.com	informationtechnology
Victim's family calls ex-cop's 15-year sentence too short	Roy Oliver fired into the car filled with teens the night of the April 2017 party in suburban Dallas, killing 15-year-old Jordan Edwards. "He can actually see life again after 15 years and that's not enough because Jordan can't see life again," Edwards' stepmother, Charmaine Edwards, said of Oliver after he was sentenced Wednesday night. She praised the work of prosecutors as well as the jury's decision to convict Oliver of murder on Tuesday. But she wanted that same jury to send Oliver to prison for a longer period. Daryl Washington, an attorney for Edwards' father, said the sentence could have been longer but still sends a message. "We know that there are parents all over this country who would love to see the person who took the life of their kid spend the next 15 years in prison," Washington said. Prosecutors had asked for a minimum of 60 years in prison. The murder conviction was extremely rare for a shooting involving an on-duty officer. Oliver's defense team said it had already begun the process of appealing. His attorneys said he would be eligible for parole after 7 ½ years, but they also said they were concerned about his safety in prison and that authorities will take extra precautions to protect him. Oliver was a police officer in the community of Balch Springs when he and his partner responded to reports of underage drinking at the party. Oliver fired into a car carrying Edwards and his friends, later saying he feared the vehicle was moving toward and endangering his partner. Edwards, who was in the front passenger seat, was shot. The jury deliberated late into the night before settling on a prison sentence, which also included a $10,000 fine. Earlier, they heard from Oliver's mother, Linda, who said he was a good man and a devoted father and asked jurors for a five-year sentence, saying her young grandson needs his father's support. "He needs his father's love. He needs his father's income. He needs his father's guidance," she said. Oliver's wife also testified, saying in Spanish through an interpreter that she was concerned about their 3-year-old son, who is autistic. But the ex-officer's half sister took the stand against him, saying she felt compelled to do so after listening to testimony during the trial and that she hoped he "gets what he deserves." Earlier Wednesday, Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson called Oliver a "killer in blue" and told jurors they could send a message that bad officers will not be tolerated. Police initially said the vehicle backed up toward officers "in an aggressive manner," but later admitted that bodycam video showed the vehicle was moving forward as officers approached. Oliver's partner told jurors he didn't believe his life was ever in danger. Investigators said no guns were found in the vehicle. Oliver was fired from the Balch Springs Police Department days after the shooting. The jury, which featured two black members out of 12 jurors and two alternates, acquitted Oliver on two lesser charges of aggravated assault stemming from the shooting. It's extremely rare for police officers to be tried and convicted of murder for shootings that occurred while they are on duty. Only six non-federal police officers have been convicted of murder in such cases - and four of those convictions were overturned - since 2005, according to data compiled by criminologist and Bowling Green State University professor Phil Stinson. Edwards' father has also filed a civil lawsuit in connection to the shooting. The jury's decision is not just about Jordan Edwards, but all other black men and women who have been killed and not received justice, said Washington, the attorney for the teen's father. Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv	legal
Mycoplasma bovis confirmed in Northland district	Biosecurity New Zealand today confirmed a property in Northland has tested positive for the bacterial cattle disease Mycoplasma bovis. It's the first time the disease has been found in this region.  The infected property is a dry stock beef farm. The farm, as with all other infected properties, was identified through the tracing of animals movements from known infected farms and is under a Restricted Place legal notice under the Biosecurity Act 1993. This effectively places them in quarantine lockdown – restricting the movement of animals and other risk goods on and off the farm. Biosecurity New Zealand will not be publicly naming the farm and neighbours who share a boundary with the infected property have been notified. The risk to neighbouring farms is very low. As part of the Government and sector group programme to eradicate the disease, all infected groups of cattle on the farm will ultimately be culled, in agreement with the farmer concerned around timing. The response continues to make progress, with a total of 30 farms having been cleaned and depopulated. They are now moving forward with their farming businesses. Biosecurity New Zealand is planning a public meeting for next week in Northland and further information on the location and time will be released in the next few days. Keep an eye on the MPI Facebook page for event details. This is a good opportunity for farmers to check that they have robust biosecurity practices in place. Some simple steps farmers can take include: carefully consider the disease status of new stock before animals are bought or moved ensure visitors clean and disinfect their equipment, clothing, and footwear upon arrival to your farm ensure boundary fences are secure and prevent nose-to-nose contact with neighbouring stock provide young calves with special protection, allowing only essential people in the calf shed. This is a really tough time for all the affected farmers who find themselves in this situation through no fault of their own. Biosecurity New Zealand, Rural Support Trusts, and industry are supporting them but they will also need support from their neighbours and the wider Northland community.	agriculture
Indy IPL Building To Light Up During Stand Up To Cancer Telecast 	INDIANAPOLIS, IN — More than 130 iconic buildings and landmarks across the United States and Canada will be illuminated in a show of support for the sixth biennial Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) "roadblock" telecast airing in both the U.S. and Canada on Friday, Sept. 7, at 8 p.m. ET. All will light up in a combination of SU2C's signature colors: orange, red, yellow, gray or white. The New York Stock Exchange; Wrigley Building in Chicago; Niagara Falls; Peace Bridge connecting Buffalo and Fort Erie, Ontario; Helmsley Building in New York City; Capital Wheel outside Washington, D.C.; One Liberty Place, Cira Tower and FMC Tower in Philadelphia; and more are among the major U.S. buildings and landmarks lighting up in support of Stand Up To Cancer, which is commemorating 10 years of raising awareness and funds for groundbreaking cancer research that is saving lives now. In indiana, Indiana Power and Light Building, Indianapolis, will light up red, orange and yellow on Sept. 7, and Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Bridge, Fort Wayne, will light up red, orange and yellow on Sept. 7 . In Canada, the 3D TORONTO sign; Calgary Tower and Reconciliation Bridge in Calgary; High Level Bridge in Edmonton; Sails of Light and BC Place Stadium in Vancouver; and the London Convention Center in London, Ontario will join Niagara Falls and Peace Bridge in lighting up for Stand Up To Cancer. "We are honored to have our ten years of impact recognized by so many iconic landmarks across the U.S. and Canada," said Sung Poblete, president and CEO of Stand Up To Cancer. "Illuminating buildings in SU2C's signature colors across both countries brilliantly symbolizes our emphasis on collaboration and teamwork in SU2C's life-saving research." Bradley Cooper, Academy Award-nominated actor, will return as co-executive producer of the telecast along with the renowned live-event producing team Done + Dusted, working again with the Stand Up To Cancer production team, after a successful partnership for the 2016 show. Other stars joining the telecast include Jennifer Garner, Ed Helms, Ken Jeong, Matthew McConaughey, Trevor Noah, Dak Prescott, Keith Urban, and Reese Witherspoon. The telecast will broadcast live from The Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, CA. As in years past, ABC, CBS, FOX, and NBC, along with American Heroes Channel, AT&T AUDIENCE Network, Bloomberg TV, Bravo, Destination America, Discovery Family, Discovery Life, E!, EPIX, Escape, ESPNEWS, FM, Freeform, FS2, FXM, FYI, Galavision, Great American Country, HBO, HBO Latino, ION Television, Jewish Life TV, Laff, Logo, MTV2, Nat Geo WILD, REELZ, SHOWTIME, Smithsonian Channel, STARZ, STARZ ENCORE, STARZ ENCORE ESPAÑOL, TNT, Univision Puerto Rico, and WGN America are donating one hour of simultaneous commercial-free primetime for the telecast, with additional networks to be announced. More broadcasting information online.	arts
The Latest: Trump says Russia probe no factor in McGahn exit 	President Donald Trump says the Russia investigation was not a factor, "even a little bit," in his decision about White House counsel Don McGahn. Trump announced Wednesday on Twitter that McGahn will depart in the fall, likely after Judge Brett Kavanaugh's expected confirmation to the Supreme Court. The president tweeted Thursday: "The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!" Word of McGahn's departure followed a New York Times report earlier this month on McGahn's extensive cooperation with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Trump has tweeted that he allowed McGahn to cooperate with the investigation, and that he has nothing to hide. Trump calls the investigation a "witch hunt." 8:30 a.m. President Donald Trump is signaling that he knows who will succeed White House counsel Don McGahn, saying he's "very excited" about the individual. Trump did not announce a successor in his tweet Thursday but said: "I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!" Trump announced Wednesday on Twitter that McGahn will leave government in the fall, after the expected Senate confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. Emmet Flood — the in-house counsel handling Mueller's Russia investigation — has been considered a leading candidate to replace McGahn. 12:15 a.m. There's another job opening in the West Wing of the White House, this time for the position of president's top lawyer. White House counsel Don McGahn will be leaving the White House in the fall, adding to the record turnover in the 19-month-old Trump administration. McGahn has been a key figure in the administration's handling of the Russia investigation as he's handled other legal storms for President Donald Trump. In announcing McGahn's departure, Trump said Wednesday that his counsel's exit had nothing to do with McGahn's interviews with the special counsel investigating possible Trump campaign collusion with Russia in the 2016 election. McGahn has played a pivotal role in Trump's remaking of the federal judiciary with young, conservative judges and has helped guide Supreme Court selections.	government
What It's Like to Wish You'd 'Never Been Born' 	Many people don’t naturally cope with distressing feelings very well, but we can learn better ways. When people say, “I wish I had never been born,” they can mean a number of things. Oftentimes, they are letting themselves feel. Sometimes a situation may seem too big for someone, so they may be protecting themselves by numbing a bit. Sometimes it’s anger turned inward. When you are ready, you can find more productive ways to go through the distressing parts of humanity. Who could you get to help you? There are people who are good at helping others in distress.  They often find it is a privilege to hear someone’s truth and use the skills and insights they have worked on. It allows them to re-examine life through another person’s eyes and reaffirm their values. So don’t think you are being a burden. “I wish I had never been born” is a way people express that they feel unsupported and are angry about that, but turn their anger inwards. Admitting what you are angry about can be scary but it can empower you to make a change. It’s a signal to do two things: take better care of yourself and to problem solve. Imagine a small child or someone else you like (or even a pet), was in pain, and saying he or she wishes to never have existed. What would you say to that and how would you feel hearing that? Usually it is something kind. Now you should try to say kind things to yourself because you need more support and courage. Do things that nurture yourself even if you don’t feel like it, because they can help in time. But please be mindful that you may need medical help too. Notice every week how many times you think, “I wish I was never born,” and take note of it. Finding the right treatment for you will help. If you’ve thought in the past, “I wish I had never been born,” take a moment to acknowledge that you are still here and that you’ve gotten through. Recognize that “I wish I was never born” can become a signal for us to take action. Sometimes that action is to rest, or get out of commitments or other things that are weighing us down, so we may use our resources to build ourselves back up. AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from The Mighty Visit site 	null
Lil Scrappy’s Mother Momma Dee and Her Husband Ernest Join Another Reality Show Amid Marital Issues	Lil Scrappy‘s mother Momma Dee and step-father Ernest Bryant will appear on WE TV’s new series “Marriage Boot Camp Reality Stars.” “Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta” stars Momma Dee and Bryant attended HYDE Sunset in West Hollywood to celebrate the premiere of “Marriage Boot Camp” the reality edition. WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA – AUGUST 28: TV personality Momma Dee and Ernest Bryant attend WE TV’s celebration of the return of “Marriage Boot Camp Reality Stars” at HYDE Sunset: Kitchen + Cocktails on August 28, 2018 in West Hollywood, California. (Photo by Michael Tullberg/Getty Images) During the WETV trailer, the 54-year-old said she joined ‘Marriage Boot Camp’ “to decide” on whether or not she should stay in her marriage. The couple has been married twice, but their relationship changed after Momma Dee had Bryant arrested for “selling drugs.” Bryant threatened to leave Momma Dee in his confessional and accused her of drinking excessively. “I just can’t put up with her constantly drinking. … If Dee doesn’t quit I’m a hit the highway.” However, the “LHHATL” mother said she’s tired of her husband nagging at her and called him a “mamma’s boy.” “He could be the king if he just stepped up,” Momma Dee expressed. Fans also chimed in on the explosive trailer and had mixed reactions to the couple’s relationship. One viewer commented, “Momma dee likes to esmaculate her husband to pay him back to for the past, and Dee’s infatuation with a son’s love for his momma is very disgusting because I feel like she didn’t have a momma that loved her like that.” Another person wrote, “Isn’t Momma Dee the same Mommy who smother Grown son Scrappy. Just saying. 😇.” “Mama Dee looks beautiful. This is a waste of time. Ernest is weak as hell.” “Ernest is too weak for momma Dee. I mean Ernest is 60+ and still a ” momma’s boy”. She needs a man.” Another fan added, “Mommie Dee and Ernest..I hope everything works out for you two…Mommie Dee just want to complete her castle and settle down smh.” The couple remarried for a second time during season 4 of “LHHATL” and Momma Dee was there for her husband when he became extremely ill. She wrote on social media, ” You can say whatever you want but you don’t know how thankful I am to be this mans Wife!! #AndInThatOrder #lhhatl #ForBetterOrWorse #insicknessandinhealth.”	entertainment
Today Would Have Been Michael Jackson’s 60th Birthday – How Is He Remembered? | Megyn Kelly TODAY 	Michael Jackson would have been 60 years old today – leading Megyn Kelly to question what he’s remembered for – his music or the accusations against him? Megyn is joined by NBC’s Joe Levy and host of PBS’ “In Principle” Amy Holmes. » Subscribe to TODAY: http://on.today.com/SubscribeToTODAY » Watch the latest from TODAY: http://bit.ly/LatestTODAY About: TODAY brings you the latest headlines and expert tips on money, health and parenting. We wake up every morning to give you and your family all you need to start your day. If it matters to you, it matters to us. We are in the people business. Subscribe to our channel for exclusive TODAY archival footage & our original web series. Connect with TODAY Online! Visit TODAY's Website: http://on.today.com/ReadTODAY Find TODAY on Facebook: http://on.today.com/LikeTODAY Follow TODAY on Twitter: http://on.today.com/FollowTODAY Follow TODAY on Google+: http://on.today.com/PlusTODAY Follow TODAY on Instagram: http://on.today.com/InstaTODAY 	entertainment
‘The Code’: Luke Mitchell To Headline New CBS Drama Series After Recasting 	EXCLUSIVE:  CBS’ new drama series The Code has found its male lead in Blindspot alum Luke Mitchell. He replaces Dave Annable, who played the role in the pilot. In The Code, whose pilot was penned by Limitless creator Craig Sweeny from a story by him and Craig Turk and directed by Marc Webb, the military’s brightest minds take on our country’s toughest challenges – inside the courtroom and out – where each attorney is trained as a prosecutor, a defense lawyer, an investigator – and a Marine. Mitchell will play Capt. John “Abe” Abraham. Operating out of Judge Advocate General Headquarters in Quantico, Abe is a driven prosecutor for whom becoming a Marine is a longstanding family tradition and a responsibility he treats with devotion and passion. He joins series stars Anna Wood, Ato Essandoh, Phillipa Soo and Raffi Barsoumian. Australian-born Mitchell landed the role after an extensive search which included both offers to established TV stars and tests of up-and-comers. He was an early standout in the recasting process though CBS and producing studio CBS TV Studios pushed the production start date for the series to consider more actors before officially going with Mitchell. The delay won’t impact the launch of The Code, slated for midseason. Abe was one of two roles in the pilot that were earmarked for recasting at the time of The Code‘s pickup to series. The other, originally played by Mira Sorvino, is no longer series regular. Sweeny is showrunner on The Code, which he executive produces alongside Carl Beverly, Sarah Timberman and Webb. Mitchell has worked steadily since moving to the U.S. following starring turns in the Australian series Home and Away and H20. He was a series regular on the CW’ The Tomorrow People, ABC’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., where he started as recurring, and most recently on NBC’s Blindspot,. On the film side, Mitchell starred in indie features Mothers and Daughters and in Jay Martin’s Seven Minutes. He’s repped by UTA and Management 360, as well as McMahon Management in Australia. 1 2	entertainment
Grandmaster Richard Pask pens book on the art of checkers 	Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	sports
Bank of America is making an important change to trading on retirement accounts	Bank of America is lifting a self-imposed ban on commission-based trading in customer retirement accounts. The move comes after the rollback of an Obama-era regulation on the brokerage industry that was designed to protect investors from conflicted investment advice. Customers with individual retirement accounts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch will be able to make commission-based trades in the accounts by Oct. 1. Bank of America BAC is lifting a self-imposed ban on commission-based trading in customer retirement accounts. The move comes after the rollback of an Obama-era regulation on the brokerage industry that was designed to protect investors from conflicted investment advice. Customers with individual retirement accounts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch will be able to make commission-based trades in the accounts by Oct. 1. The bank said the decision was the result of client requests. Bank of America Merrill Lynch had banned the practice in preparation for the Labor Department's so-called fiduciary rule that came out in 2016. As other brokerages fought the regulation, Merrill Lynch used it as an opportunity to tout its commitment to working in clients' best interests. The firm moved to charging fees as a percentage of client assets, versus charging commissions on individual trades. That meant customers who wanted to be able to trade in their retirement accounts at the brokerage had to move to a fee-based account or find another brokerage that still offered commission-based trading, as many Merrill rivals still did. For accounts that don't have a lot of trading activity, commission-based models can be less expensive. On Thursday, announcing the about-face, Andy Sieg, who heads of Bank of America's Merrill Lynch Wealth Management division, said, "In response to client feedback, we're announcing steps today that will provide our clients with greater choice and flexibility, while maintaining our support for a Best Interest standard for investment advice across all accounts." In a memo, the firm said the primary way customers will continue to get advice is through its Merrill Lynch Investment Advisory Program, the model that charges fees as a percentage of customer assets. WATCH: There's a lot to be done on retirement savings More From CNBC 	finance
TVC Pro Driver Program Saves Careers and Assets of Truckers 	DESTIN, Fla., Aug. 30, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- According to CDL Traffic Defense, in this day and age a trucker should not operate without the protection of the TVC Pro Driver program.  The program has provided truckers with legal traffic ticket representation for over 25 years. CDL Traffic Defense is authorized reseller of the TVC Pro Driver program. TVC Pro Driver have over 16,000 attorneys and law firms in the US and Canada to protect truckers. Attorneys specialize in the areas of law covering issues such as following too close, speeding, log books, weight, and equipment. There are wins with positive results in over 92% of all cases handled. As a trucker the TVC Pro Driver program could save your career, assets and family. TVC Pro Driver attorneys are friendly with the prosecuting attorneys allowing 50% of our cases to be dismissed. There are wins with positive results in over 92% of all cases handled. But is a service like this cost effective for truck drivers? Consider this real life situation. In a highly publicized case that was featured on CNN news and in the USA Today newspaper, one TVC Pro Driver member was charged with 3 counts of misdemeanor death by vehicle. The accident resulted in three deaths and a number of injuries when his truck ran into a bus. The three counts were punishable by a maximum of six years imprisonment each, $1,500 in fines for each count, loss of license for one year for each death. Fortunately the driver was a TVC Pro Driver member. The Provider Attorney and pursuant to a plea arrangement with the State, the member received no jail time, no supervised probation and only a $500 fine. The driver also received one year revocation of driving privileges in the state where the accident occurred. However the TVC Attorney made arrangements that he was still allowed to drive in his home state and all other remaining states in the US. Without the TVC Pro Driver membership the driver may have faced 18 years in prison and lost his career, his assets and probably his family. TVC Pro Driver have over 16,000 attorneys and law firms in the US and Canada. Some of these attorneys have been with us for over 20 years. Attorneys specialize in the areas of law covering issues such as following too close, speeding, log books, weight, and equipment. To answer the question "is TVC Pro Driver cost effective?" The answer must be "yes!" In the case cited above, what would it have cost the driver without the TVC Pro Driver program? Simple. Everything! For more information contact CDL Traffic Defense at 800-343-6558 or click here TVC Pro Driver.	transportation
CNN stands by story about whether Trump knew of meeting	NEW YORK (AP) — Despite a key source backing off his assertion, CNN is sticking by a story casting doubt on President Donald Trump's claim that he did not have prior knowledge of a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer to get damaging information on Hillary Clinton. CNN said it had more than one source for its story, co-authored by Jim Sciutto and Watergate legend Carl Bernstein. CNN's story, written on July 27, said that Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen was willing to say that he heard Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., tell his father about the Russians' offer to share material about Clinton, his Democratic rival for the presidency. It also said that Trump gave the go-ahead to take the meeting at Trump Tower. If true, that would contradict what Trump and representatives have long said, that he didn't know about the meeting until long after it happened. Such information would be of great interest to special counsel Robert Mueller and his investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 American presidential campaign. WHY WAS THE STORY CALLED INTO QUESTION? Cohen's lawyer, Lanny Davis, has recently taken back earlier remarks, and now says that he is no longer certain that Cohen could legitimately claim Trump knew about the meeting, and that he didn't have information to prove it. He said he was a source for other news organizations that tried to match CNN's original story and, indeed, that he was a source for CNN. CNN, in its story on Tuesday, quoted Davis as saying, "I should have done a much better job of speaking with more suspicion than certainty, and I regret my mistake." Some CNN critics wondered if Davis' subsequent statement meant that CNN should retract its entire story. But CNN made a distinction: its original story did not assert that Trump definitely knew about the meeting ahead of time — only that Cohen had been making the claim while talking with prosecutors. CNN said on Tuesday that it "we stand by our story, which had more than one source, and are confident in our reporting of it." WHERE IS CNN VULNERABLE? The network walked a delicate line in its discussion. Its original story cited "sources with knowledge" telling the network about Cohen's claim. The network noted in Tuesday's story that Davis had admitted to being one of the sources for its original report. CNN technically didn't confirm that in that Tuesday story — networks hate to be in a position of revealing confidential sources — but a spokeswoman confirmed to The Associated Press that Davis was one of the confidential sources. The problem for CNN is that the July 27 story said "contacted by CNN, one of Cohen's attorneys, Lanny Davis, declined to comment." Yet, if Davis was actually an anonymous source for CNN, the story should not also say that Cohen's lawyer declined to comment. You can't have it both ways. That's a big no-no in journalism. WHY DOES IT MATTER? The president loves to rail about "fake news" telling untrue stories, and CNN arguably is his most frequent target. Early Wednesday, the president tweeted more criticism. "'Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.' @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don't even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!" He continued the attack on the network later in the day in another tweet: "CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake." He also launched a personal attack against Bernstein, accusing him of "making up story after story." CNN responded with a tweet saying it "stands by our reporting and our reporters." Bernstein also tweeted, saying: "I have spent my life as a journalist bringing the truth to light, through administrations of both parties. No taunt will diminish my commitment to that mission." If real doubt can be raised about CNN's reporting on an important, damaging story regarding Trump and the Russia investigation, it gives Trump and his supporters major ammunition in its ongoing effort to make CNN seem like an unreliable news source.	media
A 20-Hour Direct Flight Will Be Available in the Near Future	If you get claustrophobic after a cross-country six-hour flight this might not interest you as much. But if you hate long layovers, good news! Buzz60's Susana Victoria Perez has more. 	airline
Deputy: Florida boy threatened to ‘blow up’ another student	NICEVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A 14-year-old middle school student in Florida’s Panhandle is accused of threatening to blow up another student’s home. Okaloosa County Sheriff’s officials said in a news release that the student made the threat while in a classroom at Ruckel Middle School on Monday. According to sheriff’s deputies, the student asked someone in the classroom for the other student’s address. Investigators say the boy told the witness that he planned to “stab” the victim and “blow him up.” Investigators say the boy told the witness he knows how to make “C4” explosives and had them at his house. Another student told investigators he overheard the conversation. Both witnesses provided written and verbal statements to investigators. The boy told investigators he didn’t mean what he said. He’s charged with a second-degree felony.	education
$100 million funding rounds create frenzy around tech startups 	In late April, Mike Massaro set out to get $40 million to $75 million in funding for his Boston payments startup, Flywire. He contacted a small group of investors he already knew. But word quickly got around, and other investors flooded his inbox with $200 million of investment offers, half of which he turned down. Gusto, a payroll and benefits software company in San Francisco, raised $140 million in July. But it could have done five times that, according to Joshua Reeves, its CEO and founder. Convene, a real-estate services startup, recently obtained $152 million and turned away more than $100 million of additional investment. Soon after, another wave of hopeful investors called, asking if the New York company would be looking for more financing, according to Ryan Simonetti, Convene’s chief executive. Startups raising $100 million or more from investors — known as a mega-round in the tech industry — used to be a rarity. But now, they are practically routine, producing a frenzy around tech companies with enough scale and momentum to absorb a large check. Redmond CEO charged with fraud on more than 100 H-1B visa applications Seattle dethroned as nation's hottest housing market after nearly two years Side deals end Seattle-area construction strike for some projects Seattle home prices have surpassed Los Angeles, New York and San Diego in the last four years Mum's the word as Amazon nears one-year anniversary of HQ2 quest Unlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The jump in oversize investments is led by relatively new investors, including the Japanese conglomerate SoftBank, Chinese companies and sovereign wealth funds. They see a chance to capitalize on tech’s incursion into just about every industry, and want to put their money down before the young companies go public. By entering the tech market, they have all but eliminated talk in the industry about an investment bubble — a leading concern a couple of years ago — because the money now seems almost limitless. For the startups, the pots of money are changing the normal way of building a tech company. They must move even faster, expand their ambitions and collect more investment money than ever — even if they might not be ready. They risk becoming too reliant on funding and never finding a path to profit. “If your competitor is going to raise $150 million and you want to be conservative and only raise $20 million, you’re going to get run over,” said Bill Gurley, a managing partner at Benchmark Capital. Investors participated in a record 273 mega-rounds last year, according to the data provider Crunchbase. This year is on pace to easily eclipse that, with 268 completed in the first seven months of the year. In July, startups reached more than 50 financing deals worth a combined $15 billion, a new monthly high. In a recent 10-day period, Letgo, an online classifieds ads company in New York, raised $500 million. Actifio, a Massachusetts data-storage company, took in $100 million. MyDreamPlus, a Chinese co-working-space startup, secured $120 million. And Klook, a Hong Kong-based travel-activity booking site, got $200 million. These mega-rounds have become so common that CB Insights, which tracks startup investments, has debated lifting its definition of a mega-round to $200 million or more, according to Anand Sanwal, the firm’s CEO. Many of the new investors, including SoftBank’s $93 billion Vision Fund, manage funds so large they dwarf the traditional venture-capital market in the U.S. These giant funds are looking for startups that can take large sums of money in one shot. Writing lots of small checks is too time-consuming, and the returns from small bets will not make a difference for a such a big fund. So investors are competing to back any startup that shows promise and the ability to put $100 million or more to use. “As soon as they feel like they have a winner, they will really put a lot of resources behind it,” said Sanwal, of CB Insights. SoftBank’s deal-making has affected every part of the venture-capital market. The Vision Fund, which has a minimum investment size of $100 million, has prompted a number of traditional venture-capital firms, including Sequoia Capital, to build larger pools of money to compete. Funds from seven different firms are raising capital, according to the data provider Pitchbook. But the Vision Fund is not even the most active mega-round investor. In the first seven months of 2018, Tencent Holdings participated in 31 rounds of funding of $100 million or more, compared with 18 for SoftBank, according to CB Insights. GIC and Temasek Holdings, investment funds associated with the government of Singapore, as well as Alibaba and Sequoia Capital China, have been among the most active mega-round investors this year. As a result, early investors must make sure their portfolio companies are friendly with the large funds, laying groundwork for a potential investment in the future. “It feels like there is a bit of a beauty pageant that early-stage investors put on for the megafunds,” said Patricia Nakache, a general partner at Trinity Ventures. The hot funding market is pushing high-growth startups to change their plans. Flywire was not going to pursue more investment money until next year. It still had $15 million in the bank from a previous funding round. But the company saw “investment heat” in the payments industry and Massaro thought more money would help Flywire grow even faster. Few venture investors foresee a slowdown in the pace of mega-rounds. Those who once cautioned of a tech bubble and subsequent crash have given up on their warnings. In 2015, Gurley, of Benchmark, predicted “dead unicorns,” referring to startups valued at $1 billion or more. But since 2015, the number of startups worth $1 billion or more has ballooned to 258 from 80, according to CB Insights. Excess funding is tied to inflated valuations, which may create problems when overvalued companies eventually try to go public. Gurley said he was done trying to sound the alarm. “You have to adjust to the reality and play the game on the field,” he said. Annie Lamont, a managing partner at the venture fund Oak HC/FT, expected a drop-off in startup valuations and funding three years ago, but it never happened. Now, she expects more of the same, partly because most the companies can easily get more money and few are worried about a downturn. “The fear of a correction is not occurring,” she said. If any startups do “vaporize,” she said, “I think people are going to ignore them and roll right on to the next one.” 	informationtechnology
‘Sons of Anarchy’ Spinoff ‘Mayans M.C.’ Will Address Immigration Issues	It’s not every premiere where you see a pack of motorcycles flanking the red carpet. But there they were on Tuesday night at the premiere of Kurt Sutter’s “Sons of Anarchy” spinoff, “Mayans M.C.” Fans of the FX franchise will find the “Sons of Anarchy” spirit firing on all cylinders as “Mayans” undoubtedly picks up the torch. Departing from the northern California town of Charming, we find the Mayans gang in Santa Padre on the California-Mexico border. “The impact of Jax’s last day still has a residual effect on the the outlaw community, and that definitely does for the Mayans,” said series co-creator and executive producer Sutter. “That’s the reality of the ‘Sons’ legacy.” “It expands on what that world is from a completely different perspective,” said Edward James Olmos, who plays Felipe Reyes in “Mayans.” “It’s been adapted not only in sociological ways. Also it’s deeply into politics, religion, and in a lot of issues that really weren’t touched in ‘SOA.’” Now, 10 years after “SOA” debuted, “Mayans” arrives in a far different political climate, while the location evokes interpretation of the current administration’s stance on immigration. It’s something Sutter contends is a storyline that unfolded after “Mayans” was already in the works, yet something he will dutifully tackle as the show progress. “The original idea for this I wrote a couple years ago,” he said. “It’s set on the border, it’s a fictitious town, but I’m playing the current climate we live in.” “It’s not a political show, but to keep authentic, I can’t avoid what is,” Sutter added. “I just know that there’ll be people who view this and go, ‘Oh, they’re doing it down there now with everything that’s going on.’ Who the f— could have predicted what’s happening (now) two years ago?” Series co-creator Elgin James points to the ability of the show to offer a voice to a culture that is underrepresented. “What we’re trying to do is tell the story the from the inside out,” he said. “We have to write it from the people that actually live on the border.” “It’s not about politics,” James added. “It’s about survival.” Ezekiel “EZ,” Reyes, played by JD Pardo, rides into Santa Padre and must work his way up the ladder of the motorcycle club. “You’re being told a story through the eyes of EZ, who’s a prospector,” Pardo said. “He has to be an observer and he has to be very careful.” Aside from highlighting the exploits of this rough brotherhood of the bikers, “Mayans” dives deeper into exploring the relationships that bond the band of outlaws. “It allows you to experience the subculture within the culture,” Olmos said. “It’s like giving water to someone in the middle of the desert. I don’t care how dark it is, people are going to be very grateful to see their own cultures going through storytelling.” Sutter and company doubled down on authenticity, as much of the “Mayans” cast brought actual street rather than stage experience. Or as Sutter affectionately puts it, they brought “more jail time than screen time.” James, who also found himself on the wrong side of the law at one point, credits Sutter for wanting that perspective to embolden the character of the show. “He’s still the father of this and it’s his universe,” James said of Sutter. “But he’s been able to give us our voice in it as well. I’m someone that wouldn’t be able to get a job, as a violent felon, in like Costco or Walmart, but here I am, on a red carpet for a TV show. For a lot of our cast, it’s the same way.” “What you start to see right away is relationships and situations,” said Clayton Cardenas, who plays EZ’s brother and fellow Mayan, Angel Reyes. “Colors and demographics go out the window.” “The writers (Sutter and James), they don’t want this to be a brown version of ‘Sons,’” he said. “It’s possibly going to take some adjustment time for the ‘Sons’ fans.” “We want to honor those actors from ‘SOA’ with our work,” Pardo said. “We don’t take this for granted. We’re here cause the series was a monster and it’s a monster fanbase.” As for those looking for the return of original characters from Charming, Sutter is quick to dismiss the need to look back. “I like just leaving that mythology where it is and the way it ended, especially with our primary characters,” Sutter said. “So that any decisions people have made about how it continued or what happened next; I really want that to sort of live in their imagination.”	entertainment
Emerald Health Therapeutics Reports 2nd Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update	Multiple steps advance large-scale cannabis cultivation and position Emerald for industry-leading value-added manufacturing VICTORIA, British Columbia, Aug. 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emerald Health Therapeutics, Inc. (TSXV:EMH; OTCQX:EMHTF) ("Emerald" or "the Company") has filed its financial statements and management discussion and analysis for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018. They are available for viewing on www.sedar.com or on the Company's website. All figures are expressed in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated. "I am proud of the success we've had scaling our business so far this year," said Chris Wagner, CEO of Emerald Health Therapeutics. "Since the start of the second quarter, we acquired and began cultivating cannabis at our Quebec-based licensed producer Agro-Biotech, substantially increased our licensed cannabis production area at our Pure Sunfarms joint venture to roughly 420,000 square feet, and obtained from Health Canada Pure Sunfarms' sales license. We signed our first provincial supply agreement with our home province of BC on terms we were very happy with. We also announced a term sheet for a strategic alliance with Factors Group, Canada's largest nutritional supplement marketer and manufacturer, which we expect to significantly expedite our plans to process large quantities of biomass to extract and encapsulate bioactive compounds from cannabis and other plants." Selected Quarterly Financial Information The financial information in the following tables summarize selected financial information for the Company for the last eight quarters which was derived from annual financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS or interim financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to the preparation of interim financial statements, IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting: BUSINESS UPDATE FOR AND SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD Cannabis Sales Agreements - Adult-use Markets In July 24, 2018, the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") with the British Columbia Liquor Distribution Branch ("BCLDB") to supply the Company's high-quality cannabis products to the BCLDB to serve the adult-use market throughout British Columbia. Expansion Projects The Company's joint venture, Pure Sunfarms, continues to move towards achieving its goal of large-scale, high-quality, low-cost cannabis production. On July 27, 2018, Pure Sunfarms received its cannabis sales license from Health Canada. Additional space continues to be developed for cannabis production at the Pure Sunfarms' 1.1 million-square foot (25-acre) greenhouse facility located on a 50-acre parcel of land in Delta, British Columbia ("Delta 3"), with the entire 1.1 million square foot Delta 3 site expected to be in production in 2019. On August 21, 2018, the Company announced that Mandesh Dosanjh has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Pure Sunfarms. On April 30, 2018, the Company entered into a supply agreement with Pure Sunfarms whereby the Company has agreed to purchase 40% of Pure Sunfarms' production in 2018 and 2019 at a set price per gram. On May 2, 2018, the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of 8611165 Canada Inc. and its affiliate 9353-8460 Quebec Inc. (together "Agro-Biotech"), and the shareholder loans payable by Agro-Biotech, for total consideration of $90.0 million, subject to adjustment, payable 50% in cash and 50% in Common Shares. Agro-Biotech is a Licenced Producer under the ACMPR located in Saint-Eustache, Quebec. Agro-Biotech's assets include land and a 75,000 square foot indoor grow facility. Agro-Biotech has built out 20,000 square feet of this facility to date and Emerald expects to have the remainder of the 75,000 square foot facility equipped to produce high quality dried cannabis flower and be fully operational by early 2019. Emerald Health Naturals Inc. On April 17, 2018, the Company entered into a binding agreement with Emerald Health Bioceuticals Inc. ("EHB", a company related by common ownership), 1160305 BC Ltd., GAB Innovations, Inc. and Dr. Gaetano Morello, a director of the Company's parent company, Emerald Health Sciences, with respect to the formation of Emerald Health Naturals, Inc. ("EHN").  Subject to regulatory approval, the Company agreed to invest $5.0 million for 51% ownership of EHN and EHB will grant EHN the exclusive Canadian distribution rights to EHB's product line for 49% ownership of EHN. EHB's product line consists of nutritional supplements, which use non-cannabis, non-psychoactive plant-based ingredients to provide potentially beneficial support to the body's endocannabinoid system. The TSXV has given conditional approval to the transaction subject to receipt and review of material agreements and a news release. Subsequent to this agreement, the Company signed a term sheet to form a strategic alliance with Factors R&D Technology, Inc. ("FTI"), described below, which includes a provision for EHN to issue shares to FTI representing 25% of its issued share capital. This share issue is expected to reduce the Company's future ownership of EHN to 38%. The Formation Agreement launches the Company's multi-pronged program to market and sell a proprietary, award-winning non-cannabis line of endocannabinoid-supporting nutritional products in Canadian grocery, natural health product, and pharmacy stores. Factors R&D Technology, Inc. On August 27, 2018, the Company signed a term sheet to form a strategic alliance with FTI, a division of Factors Group of Nutritional Companies Inc., in which FTI will provide pharmaceutical-grade, industrial-scale manufacturing capacity as well as expertise in GMP-level extraction, softgel production, and packaging. FTI will provide the Company with access to a facility capable of processing up to 1 million kg of biomass annually and softgel production capacity of up to 600 million capsules per year. The Company will pay an initial $5 million fee to FTI to cover the initial costs of transition to cannabis extraction. The term sheet also provides that FTI will enter into an exclusive agreement with EHN (described above). This will enable the companies to collaborate on product innovation, marketing, and distribution strategies to provide a range of products containing cannabinoids, where legal, and other herbal formulations to support the human endocannabinoid system to the Canadian and global health products market. The collaboration will initially focus on manufacturing, distribution, and sales of EHN's current product line. As part of this arrangement, EHN will issue shares to FTI representing 25% of its issued share capital. The term sheet is non-binding and the strategic alliance is subject to the negotiation and execution of definitive agreements. The strategic alliance and related activities are also subject to obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals. Northern Vine Canada Inc. On May 15, 2018, the Company exercised its right to purchase additional common shares of Northern Vine issued from treasury, increasing its ownership of Northern Vine to 65% for $2.75 million. On August 15, 2018 the Company increased its ownership in Northern Vine to 100% by purchasing all of the shares of Northern Vine held by Abattis Bioceuticals Corp ("Abattis"). The Company paid Abattis $2.0 million in cash and issued 1,093,938 common shares of the Company. The Company will pay Abattis a milestone payment of common shares of the Company, valued at $4.0 million, if Northern Vine and/or the Company receive gross revenue of $10 million from the sale of products or services introduced by Abattis within thirty-six months ended August 2021. Northern Vine continues to focus on developing its laboratory services for the cannabis industry and expanding its operations in oil extraction. In January, February and May 2018, the Company completed financings that resulted in total gross proceeds from unit issuances and warrant exercises of $67.8 million (net proceeds - $67.5 million) and has the potential to a raise an additional $41.8 million if the remaining outstanding warrants from these financings are exercised prior to expiry. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the financings to fund the completion of capital projects and potential future expansion and acquisitions, including partnership transactions, for research and development, to expand the Company's existing extraction capabilities, and for working capital and general corporate purposes. Full details of the financial reports and operating results for the first quarter of 2018 are described in the Company's consolidated financial statements with accompanying notes and related Management's Discussion and Analysis. These documents and additional information on Emerald are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. About Emerald Health Therapeutics Emerald Health Therapeutics (TSXV: EMH; OTCQX: EMHTF; Frankfurt: TBD) is a Licensed Producer under Canada's Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations and produces and sells dried cannabis and cannabis oil for medical purposes. Emerald is preparing to serve the anticipated legal Canadian adult-use cannabis market starting in 2018. Emerald owns 50% of Pure Sunfarms, which is converting a licensed existing 1.1 million square foot greenhouse in Delta, BC and is now in commercial production. It owns Agro-Biotech, a Quebec-based licensed cannabis grower with a 75,000 square foot indoor facility and is planning to add a 500,000 square foot greenhouse in Metro Vancouver. Emerald's team is highly experienced in life sciences, product development, large-scale agribusiness, and marketing, and is focused on developing value-added cannabis-based products with potential wellness and medical benefits. Emerald is part of the Emerald Health group, which is broadly focused on developing pharmaceutical, botanical and nutraceutical products that may provide wellness and medical benefits by interacting with the human body's endocannabinoid system. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements made in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and are subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions, both general and specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially from our expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements. For more exhaustive information on these risks and uncertainties, the reader should refer to the risk factors described in the management's discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2017. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release represent our expectations as of the date hereof. We disclaim any intention and assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are presented for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans and allowing investors and others to obtain a better understanding of our anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. The Company undertakes no obligations to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur, unless required by applicable law. 	healthcare&biotechnology
Guilty plea in threats made to family of FCC chairman	ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — A California man has pleaded guilty to threatening to kill the family of Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai for his role in repealing net neutrality rules. Markara Man of Norwalk, California, pleaded guilty Friday in federal court in Alexandria to sending multiple threatening emails to Pai. The FBI traced the emails to the 33-year-old Man, who admitted he sent them because he was upset about the repeal of net neutrality and wanted to scare Pai. Man faces up to 10 years in prison when he is sentenced Dec. 7. Defense lawyers said in court papers that mental illness contributed to Man’s actions and that he is now receiving treatment.	null
Amber Alert issued in Indiana for three Michigan children 	STURGIS, MI — Indiana State Police have activated an Amber Alert on behalf of the Sturgis Police Department in Michigan for three young children. The children range in age from 2-5 and are believed to ... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	null
Illinois aims $108M VW settlement to replace diesel engines	CHICAGO (AP) _ Illinois will use a $108 million settlement with Volkswagen over the company's cheating on emissions tests to improve air quality, mostly by replacing old diesel engines with more environmentally friendly options. Gov. Bruce Rauner and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency director announced the ``Driving a Cleaner Illinois'' program on Wednesday. Transit agencies, cities, schools and businesses may submit ideas to the Illinois EPA to receive money from the program. The first round of grants will provide $20 million to commuter rail and public transit bus projects in the Chicago area. The U.S. EPA and Volkswagen reached a series of settlements in 2016 and 2017 to resolve U.S. complaints. The complaints alleged Volkswagen sold nearly 600,000 diesel-engine automobiles from 2009 to 2016 with computer software that cheated federal emissions tests. 	automotiveindustry
Origins of Every Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Stage	Among the most beloved stages by competitive players, Battlefield was introduced into the series in the second game, Super Smash Bros. Melee. It couldn’t be unlocked until you’d unlocked every single character and beaten All-Star mode once. When Battlefield just wasn’t big enough anymore, Nintendo introduced Big Battlefield. This stage was made to accommodate the new 8-player mode that was brought in with Super Smash Bros. for Wii U. The flattest stage of them all, Final Destination. If you want a good, clean round of Smash, Final Destination is the stage for you. Its Ultimate version has been slightly jazzed up since Melee. Peach’s Castle – Super Mario 64 (N64, 1996) Peach’s Castle is based on the location of the same name from Super Mario 64, though they definitely took some creative liberties when designing this stage. Kongo Jungle is the very first area that Donkey and Diddy have to traverse in Donkey Kong Country. The Super Smash Bros. stage borrows many elements from the jungle levels of Country, including the color scheme. Hyrule Castle – The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (N64, 1998) Hyrule Castle first appeared in A Link to the Past, but it’s its Ocarina of Time version that has been featured in Super Smash Bros. The polygonal nature of the N64 stage makes for some very pointy towers. Super Happy Tree – Yoshi’s Story (N64, 1997) Originally known as Yoshi’s Island, Super Happy Tree is actually inspired by Yoshi’s second solo outing, Yoshi’s Story. The background elements and storybook theme are taken straight from Yoshi’s Story. Dream Land is a country in Kirby’s home planet of Popstar. The Super Smash Bros. stage is specifically designed after Dream Land’s area of Green Greens, where Kirby takes on Whispy Woods in his first outing, Kirby’s Dream Land. The very first Pokemon stage in the Super Smash Bros. series was based on Saffron City from Pokemon Red & Green (and Blue, Yellow, Gold, FireRed, etc.) Combatants fight above the Silph Co. building. It was here that Pokemon trainers first fought the boss of Team Rocket, Giovanni. Mushroom Kingdom – Super Mario Bros. (NES, 1985) Mushroom Kingdom is based on the overworld levels in the original Super Mario Bros. and is the first retro-themed stage in the Super Smash Bros. series. It was also the first unlockable stage, requiring you to complete 1-player mode as each of the eight starting characters. Princess Peach’s Castle – Super Mario 64 (N64, 1996) A level that looks much more like its inspiration than Peach’s Castle, Princess Peach’s Castle is also based on the hub world from Super Mario 64. I don’t remember it being attacked by a banzai bill, though. Rainbow Ride is the final level in Super Mario 64 —and is most certainly the hardest. It’s difficulty was retained in Super Smash Bros., as the lack of a solid floor throughout most of the moving stage leaves ample opportunity for players to fall to their doom. Kongo Falls is very loosely based on Donkey Kong Country. Although there is no rushing waterfalls at the beginning of that game, we can tell that this stage takes place in or near Kongo Jungle because Donkey Kong’s treehouse is in the background.	videogame
Oklahoma County jail inmate dies in cell	OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office says an inmate has died in his cell. Sheriff's spokesman Mark Opgrande says 41-year-old Jeremy Lee Simmons was found unresponsive in the cell Wednesday night by jailers. Jail staff began life-saving measures and called for an ambulance. Opgrande says Simmons died at the scene and his body is being sent to the state medical examiner's office to determine the cause of death. Opgrande says the sheriff's office is investigating the death and will provide a report to the district attorney. Simmons was arrested by Bethany police and booked into the jail on July 19 on a domestic abuse charge.	null
WOMAN'S FINGERS "DECAPITATED" IN SURFING INCIDENT. HILLARY CLINTON TO BLAME?	Surfing is a dangerous sport. Many have lost limbs. Some have been paralyzed. Others have literally died at the firm hands of Zeus. And then just one week ago, right-wing conspiracy blogger Liz Crokin lost two fingers in a surfing accident. According to the video she posted to YouTube, Crokin was dragging her board by (what sounds like was) its leash string when a collision with a wave caused a severe strain on the string, thus causing the "decapitation" (her words) of her two intertwined digits. Crokin, who is moderately famous for her beliefs in an elite pedofile ring (boasting 90k Twitter followers and 34k YouTube subs), took to Twitter to chronicle the situation, which started normally enough but quickly veered into the obscure: If those tweets didn’t effectively elucidate Crokin’s beliefs, sit back and enjoy this snippet from her 24-minute recount of the surfing incident, in which she indirectly implicates Democratic presidential nominee and a world-renowned performance artist  in her surfing incident: “These people that I expose engage in witchcraft,” Crokin said. “You know, the people like Marina Abramović, the people like Hillary Clinton, [the people] from the deep state articles that are getting ready to write a hit piece on me right now. Well, look it up. Look it up. Do research on Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton and their trip to Haiti and how—I think it was on their honeymoon—they admitted to doing voodoo there together. Research Marina Abramović; she talks about the rituals she does, she’s an occultist. “All these people dabble in witchcraft and spirit cooking,” she added. “So, do these people do witchcraft against me? Of course they do. And I wouldn’t be surprised if they were casting spells on me the night before.” So what do you think? Could Hillary and Marina be behind this brutal de-fingering by way of black magic, or did Crokin simply stick her fingers in the wrong hole?	null
At least 7 dead after Greyhound bus, semitrailer collide head-on	ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — A blown tire on a semitrailer may be to blame for a deadly head-on crash with a commercial passenger bus along Interstate 40 in New Mexico near the Arizona border, according to authorities. At least seven people were killed, and many of the 49 passengers aboard the Greyhound bus were injured, although authorities couldn't immediately provide an exact count of how many were hurt or their conditions. New Mexico State Police said the semi was headed east on the freeway Thursday afternoon when one of its tires blew, sending the rig carrying produce across the median and into oncoming traffic, where it slammed into the Greyhound heading to Phoenix from Albuquerque. The National Transportation Safety Board and New Mexico state police are investigating. At least nine bus passengers were being treated at University of New Mexico Hospital. UNM officials didn't release any details about the patients' conditions. Passing motorists described a chaotic scene with passengers on the ground and people screaming. Eric Huff was heading to the Grand Canyon with his girlfriend when they came across the crash. The semi's trailer was upside down and "shredded to pieces," and the front of the Greyhound bus was smashed, he said, with many of the seats pressed together. Part of the side of the bus was torn off, he said. "It was an awe-inspiring, terrible scene," he said Truck driver Santos Soto III shot video showing the front of the Greyhound sheared off and the semi split open, with its contents strewn across the highway. He saw people sobbing on the side of the road as bystanders tried to comfort them. "I was really traumatized myself, because I've been driving about two years and I had never seen anything like that before," Soto said. "I'm a pretty strong person and I broke down and cried for at least 30 minutes," he added. Chris Jones was headed west on Interstate 40 when he caught his first glimpse of the semi turned over. He saw the rest of the wreckage and stopped to help before coming across the driver of the semi sitting on the shoulder of the highway. "It was intense," Jones said. He said the driver told him that one of his front tires had popped, forcing the truck to veer into oncoming traffic, where it struck the bus. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities and will also complete an investigation of our own," Greyhound spokeswoman Crystal Booker said in a statement. The crash occurred near the town of Thoreau. It forced the closure of westbound lanes of the interstate and traffic was backing up as travelers were diverted. Hartounian reported from Phoenix.	null
'Grandpa Scam' Foiled Thanks To Bank Teller	UNION, SC -- Earl Pridemore has several grandchildren. He's an 80-year-old man living in Union, South Carolina. He talks to them often, but he received one call he wasn't expecting. "He said, 'Papa, don't tell mama bout it.'" Pridemore says, "I mean, it's like he knew us." The caller told Pridemore that he got caught drunk driving and was in jail. He claimed to be his grandson, and Pridemore says he believed him. The caller was actually a scammer. The caller demanded $8,600. So Pridemore went to go get some cash out of the bank. That's where he met South State Bank employee, Nicole Davis. "It just felt right," Davis says, "To try and dig a little deeper, to make sure things were okay." Davis saw all the red flags: the urgent plea, the sob story, and request to wire money. She decided to search for the family member, but when she called the Union Police Department, she found no evidence that Pridemore's grandson was in jail. "To be honest, the people we serve in the street is part of my family," Lieutenant Eddie Williams of Union PD said, "We take an oath to protect and serve." It turns out Pridemore's 34-year-old grandson was working ten minutes away at a plant in Union. Lt. Williams called him up and put him on speakerphone with his grandfather. Only then did Pridemore realize he had been scammed. "I'd [tell the scammers] to go jump in a lake."	finance
Oil Hits Fresh Multi-Week Highs	OLD BRIDGE, N.J. (DTN) -- New York Mercantile Exchange oil futures nearest to delivery and front month Brent crude on the Intercontinental Exchange again rallied to fresh multi-week highs as the market worries global oil supply availability will tighten later this year as U.S. sanctions targeting Iranian oil exports take effect. "Given the strength that we see with [West Texas Intermediate] crude now over $70 bbl, and having broken above highs last seen at the end of July, we could be setting ourselves up to see some higher prices, especially in oil products," said William Wilson, commodities broker for Washington, D.C.-based Powerhouse, a commodity hedge and trade advisory. "All of the recent headlines about global supply disruptions and the effect of Iran sanctions indeed have merit, so if you have any upside price risk whatsoever, you may want to get hedged because this market has shown some resilience given the recent price break outs." NYMEX October WTI futures settled at a $70.25 bbl six-week high on the spot continuous chart, up $0.74, trading at a $70.50 bbl intraday high. The calendar spreads also widened in the backwardated market even as U.S. production is at a record high of 11.0 million bpd. Ahead of its expiration Friday afternoon, ICE October Brent settled at a seven-week spot high of $77.77 bbl, up $0.63, and traded at a $78.03 intraday high. The November contract settled at $78.03 bbl, up $0.63, with the Brent market set to flip into backwardation during the first trading session of September. For oil products, NYMEX September RBOB futures contract rallied 3.75 cents to a $2.1435 gallon settlement, with the previous spot high settlement traded on July 30, edging off a $2.1526 intraday high. The surge suggests a squeeze ahead of the September contract's expiration Friday afternoon, with the 3.75 cents advance far outpacing the 0.92 cents gain by October RBOB futures. October RBOB settled at $2.0090 gallon, widening its discount to the expiring contract to 13.45 cents gallon, the largest spread between the two delivery months since Hurricane Harvey was devastating parts of southeast Texas and western Louisiana, one-year ago. The widening spread also reflects the seasonal transition away from peak driving demand, and the move to higher and less costly to produce RVP fuel specifications. NYMEX September ULSD futures rallied to a fresh better-than three-month high settlement on the spot continuation chart at $2.2483 gallon, up 0.62 cents, ahead of the contract's expiration Friday afternoon. Easing off a $2.2575 intraday high. The October contract kept pace, ending up 0.56 cents at $2.2544 gallon. 	oil&energy
Stoughton Army Navy store will reopen this Saturday	STOUGHTON--After closing for all of two weeks, Uncle Milty’s Army Navy Store will reopen under new ownership on Saturday. As recently as July, former owner Rob Kushner was coming to terms with the fact that the Stoughton institution would finally close after four decades in business. News of the store’s possible closure struck a chord with the community — in its heyday in the 1980s and early 1990s, the army surplus store was where everyone bought their Lee jeans, Carhartt clothes and camping gear. But low prices at big-box stores and the abundance of military items on online marketplaces like eBay slowly chipped away at Kushner’s customer base. In the window display, alongside the mannequins, Kushner placed a “for sale” that went unheeded for six months. Then, after marking down the store’s inventory 50 percent, in walked a customer who came for the sale but wound up buying everything. MacGregor Morgan, of Stoughton, said he and his family purchased the business for $50,000 after about two weeks of negotiations. Morgan said his 20 years of service in the army influenced his decision to buy the store. Morgan, 41, joined the military after graduating from Charlestown High School in Boston, later serving as a captain in Iraq. He retired from the service in 2015. “There’s a lot of folks like myself who served in the military for many years,” explained Morgan. “The equipment we used was on loan to us from the service. When we retire or leave, we have to return most of the items we’re using. Over time, there’s a comfort level of continuing to use those same items.” Morgan now works in healthcare, but he still wears the parka, gloves, and boots he grew accustomed to in the army. “I think there’s a lot more durability testing for what’s used in the military than there is for what’s sold commercially,” said Morgan. Under Kushner’s ownership, the Army Navy Store was famous for its collection of historical artifacts, but Morgan said he will focus on expanding the stock of equipment and clothing issued to public safety professionals like police officers and first responders. He plans to open an online catalog and market the business through social media. Morgan may also apply for a grant program administered by the town that could provide him with $10,000 to renovate his storefront. Kushner said he plans to hang around as a consultant for the new owner. “As long as he needs me,” Kushner said. “I want him to succeed.” Kushner’s father, Milton, opened the store in 1977. Morgan said he has no intention of renaming the store, though he hopes to refurbish the sign if he secures the grant money. Breakfast from Dunkin’ Donuts and lunch from the Town Spa will be served at Saturday’s grand reopening, which begins at 10 a.m. “Uncle Milty’s Army Navy Supply Store” will be open Monday through Saturday, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.	retail
Choice in a Man’s Life: Probability or Possibility	Although confined to his body weakened by ALS, the late physicist Stephen Hawking said in his mind, he had the freedom to discover the mysteries of the universe. Stephen believed in the “multiverse” theory of the cosmos. An infinite number of universes exist in the multiverse, each co-existing in parallel to one another. Each individual universe has distinguishing physical attributes. We barely wrap our minds around our universe in four dimensions, if you include time as one of the dimensions. Yet, mathematicians theorize the existence of at least 11 dimensions. Astrophysicist Michio Kaku said that there may exist an infinite number of dimensions. Infinite universes. Infinite dimensions. Like Michio, Stephen wondered about the infinite realms of existence in the vast Multiverse. So what is possible in the Multiverse? Werner Erhard said he looks at things to get them, to be with, not to understand. What does it mean to be present to what’s possible? Werner looks at the new definition of what it is to be a human being: He looks at the infinite possibility of what it is to be human. In the Multiverse, are there infinite possibilities of the human being? Possibly, universes without suffering exist, Werner’s life’s mission. Perhaps, life reveals in the infinite number of dimensions and universes. Stephen inquired: What happened before the beginning of the universe? Consequently, one might ask: Is there an end? What if there is really no end, because there is really no beginning? So what is the infinite possibility of the human being? Our wonder reveals the possibility of who we are going to be in the universe. I choose who I’m going to be in any given moment of time. How will I define myself? Who will I become? What shall be my legacy? In one of Stephen Hawking’s last speeches before he passed away, he spoke of his diagnosis of ALS as a graduate student at Cambridge and his wondrous life’s journey: Don’t like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free So remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder what makes the universe exist. Be curious and however difficult life may seem. There is always something you can do, and succeed… While there’s life, there’s hope. Amen, Brother Stephen. May you rest in and discover your forever peace. “While there’s life, there’s hope.” Perhaps, resilient hope is part of the eternal wonder. I’ve studied Probability Theory in graduate school and have used it throughout my engineering career, helping to develop, design, and test satellite communications systems. I’ve become facile in the distinctions of the realm of possibility in transformational training over the years as well. Here’s what I’ve discovered in both distinctions. Probability and possibility both start at zero. Although probability is limited to one, the realm of possibility approaches infinite. Living a life governed by probability may limit you, too. A life lived from what is possible reveals the infinite universe we all deserve. The life of possibility is our distinct birthright. So keep gazing at the stars with that eternal sense of wonder. “While there’s life, there’s hope.” What’s your take on what you just read? Comment below or write a response and submit to us your own point of view or reaction here at the red box, below, which links to our submissions portal. We have pioneered the largest worldwide conversation about what it means to be a good man in the 21st century. Your support of our work is inspiring and invaluable. If you believe in the work we are doing here at The Good Men Project, please join us as a Premium Member, today. All Premium Members get to view The Good Men Project with NO ADS. A $50 annual membership gives you an all-access pass. You can be a part of every call, group, class, and community. A $25 annual membership gives you access to one class, one Social Interest group, and our online communities. A $12 annual membership gives you access to our Friday calls with the publisher, our online community.	evergreen
Democrats attack Trump 24/7. Ideas for moving the country forward?	Since Bernie, the Democrats have engaged in a race to see who can get the furthest Left. Even Bernie has said some of the ideas put forward by the new uber-Left are not workable. He has been lambasted for saying it. Since there is no real substance to the men of the Left, he will stop being critical and instead embrace every new lunacy as it vomits fourth. Here’s the beauty of what’s happening now, with Gillum and Casio-Cortez as the new leading intellectuals of a bankrupt brain trust. For decades, since at least FDR, but likely further back with Teddy and Woodrow. The Left has moved with glacial incrementalism. Had they kept that up, likely there would be conservative internment and reeducation camps by now. But during the Carter years the frog’s water got turned up to boiling. The frog has jumped out. I suspect that as a result, people are waking up to the real intention of the Left and they too will vote to jump out of the boiling pot come this November. Incidentally, the Democrats superdelegate system was introduced after Carter won. The Democratic establishment viewed Carter as too radical. The superdelegate system was introduced to restore the successful incremental model of moving towards socialism with glacial slowness. This gave us Bill Clinton and his “triangulation.” When Bill signed the legislation curtailing welfare, he had Cloward and Piven standing behind him as a dog whistle to the Left to let them know this setback was temporary. It worked. But sometime since, the leading lights of the Democratic journey died or lost power. The untutored, unlettered children of socialism are now in charge. Like children everywhere, they want what they want NOW. Not at some point in the future. 5 posted on 08/31/2018 4:27:07 AM PDT by Gen.Blather I believe the situation in the country is that serious. The liberals are freakishly disconnected from reality. Socialism? Murdering the unborn? Gay marriage? Booing Jerusalem as Israel's undivided capital? The last three, especially set this country on a collision course with Almighty God. If the Left were truly nothing, it wouldn't be such a threat. The Left is an incredible threat because it represents an almost monolithic evil. It is organized around several flags like neo-liberalism, socialism, Marxism, post-modernism, pro-immigration, anti-racism, anti-bigotry, pro-income and wealth equality, etc. First, let me point out that all these so-called "flags" are nothing more than virtue signally movements. The Left tries to sound virtuous, but such virtue signals are actually nothing but camouflage for that hideous truth that lurks behind them. As we all have ask, what happened to the Democratic Party of Kennedy and Truman? Well, the Democratic Party has been taken over by a force which now only barely, if at all, hides its intentions. The Democratic Party is now the anti-reality, anti-morality, anti-life, anti-decency, anti-American--and ultimately--anti-God party. The Democratic Party is now the Babylon Reborn party...the party of Sodom and Gomorrah. The party of--can I say it without most folks giggling--the Party of Satan. You know it, I know it...and all but a few folks on FR know it. That's why they despise Trump so much. He is not a good man--a Godly man--so they can't attack God directly. Trump--not really a bad man either--is a man firmly planted in realism/reality. They can't attack realism/reality directly either so they are reduced to attacking Trump personally--and most of their attacks aren't even really attacks on points or issues at all. Their attacks on Trump are really nothing but the constant venting of anger because someone--by raising up Trump to his leadership role--has outsmarted them. The Left has been outmaneuvered. They know it even if they haven't admitted to themselves...yet. This is why the Left is reduced to a state of frothing, spittle-flecking, mouth-foaming anger. All their political options are gone. They will now have to resort to violence to extend their movement. That is what Maxine Waters is basically saying when she shouts for impeachment. She knows it and the Democrats who hear her know it. 	government
A look at chef Barbara Lynch's restaurant empire	At 54, Barbara Lynch finally feels (hugely) successful. The chef and restaurateur currently helms an empire of eight restaurants (plus a cookbook shop-test kitchen hybrid), holds three James Beard awards and half a dozen more nominations, and a spot on 2017’s Time 100 list. And last April, Lynch’s memoir, "Out of Line: A Life of Playing with Fire," which follows her from her modest upbringing in South Boston to the heights of her career, was published to critical acclaim. “I felt like if I could cook then I would always have a job,” Lynch told USA TODAY about her career. “Cooking came naturally to me, so I loved being in the kitchen and still do.” Still, opening an empire, or even running an acclaimed restaurant, wasn’t always on the table. As a self-taught chef, Lynch had to work even harder to make a name for herself. “I had to prove that I could be a success at cooking,” Lynch recalls. “I had to face insecure battles because I’m self-taught: You never feel up to par when you’re in that position, but I knew what I wanted, and I was going to get there. I was determined.” Lynch felt her first inklings of success when her first restaurant, No. 9 Park, which she opened in Boston’s Beacon Hill neighborhood in 1998, started getting national recognition. Bon Appetit named her first solo endeavor one of the “Top 25 New Restaurants in America” and Food & Wine put the nostalgia-focused European-esque restaurant on its “Best New Restaurants” list. “When No. 9 Park opened, people were saying I wouldn't make it, that I’d fail,” Lynch says, noting that the restaurant’s real estate had formerly been a diner and a shoe store. The property’s proximity to the Massachusetts State House (and the resulting foot traffic) made Lynch feel like the space was, in fact, the exact right location for her first restaurant. And when she quickly started earning rave reviews and accolades, Lynch enjoyed her first taste of success, but it felt temporary. Now, 20 years after No. 9 Park opened its doors, Lynch laughs, “OK, I’m successful. I find myself thinking, ‘I’ve really done this.’” Beyond her credentials, Lynch says she most feels her success when “my younger cooks become chefs and restaurant owners themselves, it’s like my job is complete.” In the culinary community, Lynch is known for her support and mentorship of young chefs, perhaps most notably Kristen Kish, winner of "Top Chef" Season 10 and, as of June 2018, chef at Arlo Grey in Austin. At the peak of her success, Lynch is nowhere near retirement, but she still fantasizes about what her “retirement restaurant” will be: comfort food, like she cooks at home, for friends and family, no larger than a group of eight people at a time. “My friends (who come over and eat) are all like, ‘Oh my God, this is so good,’ and I’m like, ‘It’s just steak,’” Lynch laughs about her future hyper-casual plans. Perhaps this is the biggest element that sets Lynch apart from other legendary chefs: She actually cooks at home. For those of us not invited into Lynch’s home (yet), take a look at the nine businesses she currently runs along with her team, from the 20-year-old No. 9 Park, to its South End successors B&G Oysters and The Butcher Shop, and beyond.	food
VIDEO: Ariana Grande Sings "Natural Woman" at Aretha Franklin's Funeral 	Ariana Grande took part in Aretha Franklin's funeral service with a rendition of the hit "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman in Detroit on Friday. Ariana hit it out of the park and the people at the service agreed. The MC told the crowd after Grande was finished, "Girl, I gotta give you all your respect.” Then he asked, “did you all enjoy this icon?" The audience responded with cheers. Bishop Charles H. Ellis III at Aretha Franklin's funeral: "When I saw @ArianaGrande on the program I thought that was a new something at taco bell" https://t.co/m1ZEe6FAf4 pic.twitter.com/U8iThtnA0p — Good Morning America (@GMA) August 31, 2018 Grande was at the service with her fiance Pete Davidson. Before the ceremony, she talked with former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton. .@ArianaGrande arrives at Aretha Franklin's funeral with fiancé Pete Davidson and is greeted by Sec. Hillary Clinton. She will perform at the services along with other stars like Stevie Wonder. https://t.co/m1ZEe6FAf4 pic.twitter.com/O8RSn4UVRz — Good Morning America (@GMA) August 31, 2018 This isn't the first tribute Ariana has done for Aretha Franklin. She also covered the song on the Tonight Show with the Roots. Aretha Franklin is and will always be the Queen of Soul. It is so nice to see artists like Ariana pay tribute to the amazing woman Aretha was and her fantastic music. Q102 is Philly's #1 Hit Music Station: With Elvis Duran and the Q102 Morning Show, Jared, Rach on the Radio, and Raphael. 	entertainment
Construction Partners (ROAD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research	Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Construction Partners (NASDAQ:ROAD) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Wednesday, August 1st. Zacks Investment Research currently has $14.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “Construction Partners Inc. is an infrastructure and road construction company. It provides construction products and services to public and private sectors. The company’s services include construction of highways, roads, bridges, airports and commercial and residential sites. Construction Partners Inc. is based in Alabama, United States. “ Get Construction Partners alerts: ROAD has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Imperial Capital assumed coverage on Construction Partners in a report on Friday, June 29th. They set an outperform rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. Raymond James assumed coverage on Construction Partners in a report on Tuesday, May 29th. They set a strong-buy rating and a $15.00 target price for the company. DA Davidson assumed coverage on Construction Partners in a report on Tuesday, May 29th. They set a buy rating and a $14.50 target price for the company. Stephens began coverage on Construction Partners in a report on Tuesday, May 29th. They set an overweight rating and a $15.00 target price for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird began coverage on Construction Partners in a research note on Tuesday, May 29th. They issued an outperform rating and a $15.00 price target for the company. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $14.75. Shares of NASDAQ:ROAD traded up $0.02 during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $11.99. The stock had a trading volume of 18,032 shares, compared to its average volume of 93,306. Construction Partners has a 12 month low of $10.31 and a 12 month high of $14.06. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.18, a current ratio of 1.94 and a quick ratio of 1.74. Construction Partners (NASDAQ:ROAD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 9th. The company reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $195.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $192.54 million. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 31.7% on a year-over-year basis. equities research analysts predict that Construction Partners will post 0.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA bought a new position in Construction Partners in the second quarter valued at about $8,888,000. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC bought a new position in Construction Partners in the second quarter valued at about $7,804,000. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Construction Partners in the second quarter valued at about $616,000. Penn Capital Management Co. Inc. bought a new position in Construction Partners in the second quarter valued at about $3,791,000. Finally, Summit Creek Advisors LLC bought a new position in Construction Partners in the second quarter valued at about $6,006,000. 20.64% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Construction Partners, Inc, an infrastructure and road construction company, provides construction products and services to public and private sectors. Its services cover construction of highways, roads, bridges, airports, and commercial and residential sites. The company provides site development, paving, utility and drainage systems, as well as supplies hot mix asphalt. 	finance
This 'Breaking Bad' Candy Shaped Like the Show's Blue Meth Is a Really Bad Idea 	A shop in Provo, Utah—of all places—has been outed for selling packages of rock candy marketed as the infamous "Blue Sky" methamphetamine cooked up by chemistry teacher turned meth maker Walter White in the hit TV series "Breaking Bad." The series, which aired for five seasons on AMC, told the story of White, an Albuquerque high school teacher who turned his talents to the lucrative task of manufacturing meth after he was diagnosed with lung cancer. The item spoofs the nearly pure blue meth White cooked up in the show, complete with the "Breaking Bad" logo and an image of White as his clandestine alter ego Heisenberg superimposed over a glass beaker. The rock candy was on sale at the FYE (For Your Entertainment) shop in Provo but apparently is no longer. It was also for sale on the on the store’s website, but as of today, "this item is currently not available," the website says. “Ever want to own a street-legal package of Heisenberg’s infamous “Blue Sky” product? Now you can with Breaking Bad Blue Sky Rock Candy Crystals, a package of deliciously addicting blueberry-flavored rock candy,” reads the product description on the FYE site. It is still available on eBay, but only at the collector's price of $24.50 a bag. (It was going for $4.99 on the FYE site.)  Amazon and other websites sell blue rock candy without the methy marketing, andrecipes for "Breaking Bad" rock candy are also all over the Internet. Selling meth-marketed candy broke bad for FYE this past week when one of their customers took notice and then took umbrage. Customer Parker Twede posted a photo of the package to his Instagram page (he made his page profile private on Wednesday, so the rock candy pic is no longer available there). “Just when I thought I had seen it all. Seriously?” Twede captioned the photo. Twede was also happy to talk to local media about his concerns, racking up at least two interviews with Salt Lake City TV stations. “It’s presented in a little baggie at the checkout, at children's eye level,” Twede told KSL-TV. “Frankly, it appalled me that this product even exists. It’s really irresponsible to the millions of people suffering from this terrible drug,” Twede added. “I am not easily offended, and I couldn’t stop thinking about this.” Not everyone was as bent out of shape as Twede. Others interviewed by the TV station described the candy as "hilarious" and "funny." Breaking Bad Blue Sky Rock Candy Crystals—not for everyone, especially the humor-impaired. But they could make a nice Halloween surprise for that special someone. This article was produced by Drug Reporter, a project of the Independent Media Institute. Don't let big tech control what news you see. Get more stories like this in your inbox, every day. Phillip Smith has been a drug policy journalist for the past two decades. Smith is currently a senior writing fellow at the Independent Media Institute. 	manufacture
Terms of Service Violation	Your usage has been flagged as a violation of our terms of service. For inquiries related to this message please contact support. For sales inquiries, please visit http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/request-demo If you believe this to be in error, please confirm below that you are not a robot by clicking "I'm not a robot" below. Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review the Terms of Service and Cookie Policy. 	null
Washington comes together for McCain, with one exception 	When Washington's political leaders gather in the U.S. Capitol on Friday to commemorate the late Senator John McCain, President Donald Trump will travel to one of his private golf clubs for a campaign fundraiser. In a week of solemn events marking McCain's passing, Trump has been and will be absent, a reflection of the animosity between the two men that lingered even after the Arizona senator's death on Saturday from brain cancer. Trump will also miss Saturday's service at the Washington National Cathedral, where former President Barack Obama, the Democrat who defeated McCain in 2008, and Republican President George W. Bush will pay tribute to McCain. Traditionally, sitting American presidents "serve as a source of solace and comfort" for the country at times of loss and tragedy, said Princeton University historian Julian Zelizer. The Trump-McCain relationship left little room for that. In 2015, not long after Trump kicked off his presidential campaign, McCain condemned his hard-line rhetoric on illegal immigration, accusing Trump of "firing up the crazies." Trump hit back, saying of McCain's 5-1/2 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam: "He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured." Trump received five deferments that got him out of military service. More recently, McCain accused Trump of kowtowing to Russian President Vladimir Putin at a July summit in Helsinki. It was, McCain said, "one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory." Trump in turn delayed issuing any statement after McCain's death. At one point, the U.S. flag atop the White House that had been at half-staff was raised back up, then lowered again after Trump drew fire from Congress and veterans. "The president's actions in the first day of (McCain's) death were so petty," Zelizer said. More broadly, Zelizer noted that many Republicans, including some in Arizona, had grown frustrated with McCain's moderate stances on some issues, reflecting the changing nature of the Republican Party that Trump has seized upon. Despite these tensions, most leaders from both parties in coming days will show they can rise above the political fray to recognise the passing of a respected colleague. McCain was involved in planning the events around his funeral. He made it clear to family and friends that he wanted Democratic former Vice President Joe Biden, Bush and Obama to speak, but that Trump was not welcome. Friday's events in the Capitol will feature remarks by fellow Republicans Vice President Mike Pence, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, marking McCain's 35-year career in Congress. While he and McConnell had their differences, McConnell nonetheless has called McCain a "lion of the Senate." The public will file through the Rotunda for six hours to pay their respects to McCain by filing past his coffin, which will rest atop a pine board catafalque originally constructed in 1865 for President Abraham Lincoln's casket. The pallbearers at Saturday's cathedral service will include Biden and liberal actor and activist Warren Beatty, alongside former Senator Phil Gramm and ex-Defense Secretary William Cohen, both Republicans. Throughout U.S. history, only 32 times have people "lain in state" or "lain in honour" under the soaring Capitol Rotunda, including 11 presidents and unknown soldiers from World War I to Vietnam. The late Senator Daniel Inouye laid in state in 2012. (Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Cynthia Osterman) AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft More From Reuters As EU divisions deepen, Macron stakes out electoral turf EU warns against Serbia-Kosovo land swap idea Bruised bankers seek consolation prizes after shelved Aramco IPO Visit site 	government
In 1993, Grays Harbor attractions received lots of publicity	Navy men want good guns and ships to fight the war — and they are not hesitating about helping to buy them, according to word received from Gunner’s Mate First Class Howard Anderson, former P.U.D. employe. “Every buddy in my outfit has bought at least $1,000 of war bonds,” he wrote in a letter to his wife, Mrs. Willow Anderson. Anderson helped to swell Aberdeen’s third war loan drive by sending home $800 to purchase bonds . He has been in the Pacific theater of war the past 10 months. Fred Easter, principal at the Washington and Stevens Elementary schools for the past four years, will be at the helm of the Robert Gray Elementary School when classes begin next week. Easter succeeds E.A. (Jud) Graham, veteran Aberdeen administrator, who retired this summer. Former Hopkins Junior High Vice-principal Lee Rhoden has been selected to replace Easter as the administrator for the two southside schools. August 29, 1968 Simpson Timber Co. expanded its influence a ways last week by shipping the first of nearly ten miles of wire-wound wooden pipe to Fairbanks, Alaska. The 35 tons of pipe shipped last week — and the 15 more truckloads to come — will move up the Alcan Highway, and will be used for sewer construction in “Seward’s Icebox.” 25 years ago August 28, 1993 Larry Wilder, executive director of the Grays Harbor Tourism Council, helped organize the Coastal Washington tour for nine writers from Seattle, Calgary, Bellingham, Eastern Washington and California at the end of April. They pulled oars in a longboat from the Grays Harbor Historical Seaport, picked and ate oysters at Brady’s Oysters, went whale-watching from Westport, caught the shorebirds show at Bowerman Basin, toured Hoquiam’s Castle, the Lytle House and the Cooney mansion, lunched at Lake Quinault and stopped off at several other spots from Tokeland to Forks. As a result of their visit, a Sunset magazine article on the Lytle House, Cooney Mansion and the old McCleary hotel is scheduled for next summer. In addition, there has already been a story about Grays Harbor in an Eastern Washington news magazine and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer may run something about the Harbor in its travel selection this fall. August 29, 1993 • Aberdeen residents Susan Wallace and Stephen Solan were married Saturday, July 31, 1993, in Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church in Seattle. A reception at the Space Needle in Seattle followed the wedding. The couple honeymooned at Ixtapa, Mexico, and are making their home at Aberdeen. • Herb Godfrey used to tend a pulp mill tank farm for $13.40 an hour. Now he works as a teacher’s aid, helping teachers of behaviorally impaired 7th and 8th graders at Ocosta Junior High School. Godfrey, 48, lost his job along with 625 others when the ITT Rayonier pulp and paper company shut down in Hoquiam last November. He heard he could make good money teaching kids how to drive — $17 an hour. But he needed to be certified and that would take six weeks of summer school at Central Washington University in Ellensburg. A counselor for a retraining program, Tyler Anderson, himself a laid-off worker from the ITT mills, arranged for Godfrey’s $750 grant to attend school. Now Godfrey is a certified driver’s education instructor soon to be in cars with green teen-agers.	null
Aretha Franklin Funeral: Details of Service, Including Superstar Guest List, Revealed	Bishop Ellis plans to celebrate her life in a respectful, godly manner. On the lineup for the free memorial service: Patti LaBelle, Tyler Perry, the Four Tops, and more. He gave us a preview of his sermon, and the pressure that comes with overseeing an icon's funeral. In baseball, . two-time defending champions South Korea hammered Hong Kong 21-to-3 on Tuesday to advance to the next round. The winger and his side must overcome Japan in Saturday's final to secure Son's freedom from military service. Mourners began filling the church early Friday, while Franklin's fans and dozens of pink Cadillac owners lined up outside, a tribute to the singer's 1985 hit "Freeway of Love" in which she sang, "We goin' ridin' on the freeway of love in my pink Cadillac". "She gave us pride", the Rev. Al Sharpton said during his remembrance. Owens said Franklin loved fiercely and was the family's matriarch. He said they "talked all the time", the last just a couple weeks before she became too ill to speak. Owens added, "It's going to be very hard after all this is over and people have all gone away". 	entertainment
Jorma Kaukonen says he shares stories that "touched me profoundly" in his new memoir, "Been So Long"	Founding Jefferson Airplane and Hot Tuna guitarist Jorma Kaukonen‘s just-released memoir, Been So Long: My Life and Music, offers a candid and emotional look at his life. The book finds Kaukonen recounting such experiences as his army-brat childhood and teenage years, nurturing his passion for guitar and traditional music, his adventures as a member of San Francisco’s psychedelic music scene, his struggles with substance abuse, and developing a late-in-life family with his second wife, Vanessa. “I really didn’t have the kind of stories that [the publishing company was] looking for in that context, but I did have the kind of stories that were important to all of us when we were young,” Kaukonen explains. “And in a way, to me, that was more important.” He says if people take issue with the book’s focus, he’d tell them, “Look, this is my story, and I wrote about the stuff that touched me profoundly as best I could.” One interesting feature of the book is Jorma’s use of old diary entries to help illuminate various incidents in his life. “Thank God I saved that stuff because…I couldn’t recreate whatever emotional context was happening at the time,” he points out, “so I was thrilled that…I still had that [stuff].” Been So Long comes packaged with a five-track CD featuring archival live performances recorded between 1979 and 2016. “I wanted to pick…songs that sort of in a way went along with the story in the book,” Jorma explains of the disc. 	entertainment
No. 6 Washington heads South to face No. 9 Auburn	No. 6 Washington (10-3 last season) vs. No. 9 Auburn (10-4) in Atlanta, 3:30 p.m. ET (ABC) Line: Auburn by 1½. Series record: First meeting. WHAT'S AT STAKE? Both teams want to push their way into the early national championship conversation behind star quarterbacks and experienced defenses. KEY MATCHUP Auburn's defensive front versus Washington's offensive line. The Tigers have a deep, talented front line led by tackles Dontavious Russell and Derrick Brown. The Huskies return four blockers who started at least five games last season, with 2016 All-Pac 12 left tackle Trey Adams returning from injury. PLAYERS TO WATCH Washington: DBs Taylor Rapp and Byron Murphy are preseason All-Americans. Murphy had three interceptions in six games last season while missing seven because of injury. They'll be trying to slow down an Auburn passing game led by QB Jarrett Stidham and WR Ryan Davis. Auburn: RB Kam Martin moves into the starting role to replace SEC offensive player of the year Kerryon Johnson. The Tigers have had at least one 1,000-yard rusher in each of the past nine seasons. Redshirt freshman JaTarvious Whitlow could also play a big role after a strong offseason. The Tigers are playing their third straight game in Atlanta, ending last season with losses in the Southeastern Conference championship game and the Peach Bowl. ... The Huskies are 5-7 against ranked teams in season openers dating back to 1989. Auburn has only opened with a Top 25 team eight times in the AP poll era dating back to 1936, going 1-7 and dropping the last five. The only win was 7-0 against then-No. 8 Tennessee to start the 1957 national championship season. ... Washington RB Myles Gaskin is the leading active career rusher in FBS with 4,055 yards. That's just 51 yards shy of Napoleon Kaufman's school record. ... Auburn hasn't faced a Pac-12 team since opening the Gus Malzahn era with a 31-24 win over Washington State to start the 2013 season. ... Auburn and Boise State are the only two FBS programs to have at least one 1,000-yard rusher in each of the past nine seasons.	sports
Brain Computer Interface (BCI) Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis Of Top Key Player Forecast To 2025	The brain computer interface (BCI) market is expected to grow significantly due to the key factors such as rise in the expenditure of research and developments, rise in the use of the advanced technological devices for the various lifestyle diseases such sleeping disorder and neurological disorders. The technological developments in this arena likely to open the opportunities for the brain computer interface market in coming future. Request Sample Copy is Available at: http://bit.ly/2wveazj The “Global Brain Computer Interface (BCI) Market Analysis to 2025” is a specialized and in-depth study of the medical device industry with a focus on the global market trend. The report aims to provide an overview of global brain computer interface (BCI) market with detailed market segmentation by type, application, and geography. The global brain computer interface (BCI) market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the leading market players and offers key trends and opportunities in the market. The segmentation of the brain computer interface (BCI) market is classified as type, and application. The type segment is segmented into partially invasive brain computer interface, invasive brain computer interface, non-invasive brain computer interface and others. Likewise, the application segmented includes repair of brain function, restoration of disabilities and others. The report provides a detailed overview of the industry including both qualitative and quantitative information. It provides overview and forecast of the global brain computer interface (BCI) market based on type, and application. It also provides market size and forecast till 2025 for overall brain computer interface (BCI) market with respect to five major regions, namely; North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa (MEA) and South & Central America. The market by each region is later sub-segmented by respective countries and segments. The report covers analysis and forecast of 13 counties globally along with current trend and opportunities prevailing in the region. North America holds the largest market for the brain computer interface (BCI) followed by Europe. The Asia Pacific market is the fastest growing market as increase in expenditure for research institutes and support from government bodies for funds, and grants, have boosted the research activities to grow the use of brain computer interface market. The report analyzes factors affecting market from both demand and supply side and further evaluates market dynamics effecting the market during the forecast period i.e., drivers, restraints, opportunities, and future trend. The report also provides exhaustive PEST analysis for all five regions namely; North America, Europe, APAC, MEA and South & Central America. Inquire before Buying at: http://bit.ly/2N39riA The report also includes the profiles of key Brain Computer Interface (BCI) manufacturing companies along with their SWOT analysis and market strategies. In addition, the report focuses on leading industry players with information such as company profiles, products and services offered, financial information of last 3 years, key development in past five years. Some of the key players influencing the market are Integra LifeSciences Corporation., Mindmaze, CASMED, EMOTIV, Compumedics Limited, Advanced Brain Monitoring, Inc., Natus Medical Incorporated., OpenBCI, Cadwell Industries, Inc., and Cortech Solutions, Inc. The Insight Partners is a one stop industry research provider of actionable intelligence. We help our clients in getting solutions to their research requirements through our syndicated and consulting research services. We are a specialist in Technology, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Automotive and Defense. 	informationtechnology
2013+ Ram 1500 Chrome Grille 	2013+ Ram 1500 chrome grille. About 25,000 miles on it. Its in good shape and needs to be washed. Does need 10 screws to hold on the upper support bracket to the truck. I transferred them to my new grille. $100 cash local pick up. Zip code 11741 	videogame
Questions regarding the DMV debacle 	Regarding the article in today’s Idaho Press newspaper about the State of Idaho’s Law Enforcement Agency computer system and DMV software applications failures and outages, is truly disappointing and ... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	government
Woman in deadly crash had brakes cut for crack pipe, police say	The night before a deadly crash in Scranton, as homicide suspect John W. Jenkins told two Pennsylvania state troopers, he and his girlfriend Tammy Fox wanted to smoke crack. Jenkins didn't want Fox to leave their home and buy a smoking pipe from a store, and without a suitable substitute around, he allegedly turned to his girlfriend's car for a makeshift pipe. "Hacking away," he recently told police from a jail cell, he tried to pry tubing from the Hyundai Sonata for the pipe. The next day, Fox, 38, crashed her Sonata into a tree off Pine Street in Scranton. She was killed. During a Tuesday interrogation at the Lackawanna County jail, troopers detailed in court records, Jenkins stated his girlfriend had been "driving him crazy." Jenkins, 39, of Scranton, was charged Tuesday with a felony count of criminal homicide in Fox's death. He remains jailed, awaiting a September court hearing. "The defendant used a cutting tool to sever more than one of the brake lines in the victim's vehicle," Pennsylvania state police said in court documents, "which resulted in the victim dying from multiple blunt force trauma in a fatal motor vehicle crash." Jenkins told troopers that, the night before the crash, they were smoking crack together. He grabbed a metal and U-shaped object from under the hood of Fox's Sonata, then tried to cut anything from underneath the car that could be used as a pipe for smoking. Jenkins also conceded he has no working knowledge of cars. When he cut the brake lines, he saw how small the hole was, but thought she wouldn't be able to smoke through it. He told troopers he knew he'd cut through the car's metal brake lines. The morning of the crash, which happened around 10 a.m., Jenkins recalled telling Fox to leave and to get the "(expletive) away from him" because she was "driving him crazy." While Fox was driving west on Pine Street, her car crossed North Washington Avenue and struck a tree after accelerating. The car hit two parked vehicles as well. A witness told troopers the Sonata appeared to be going 50 to 60 miles per hour before the impact. The brake lights were flicking on and off, the witness recalled, but the car never slowed down. Investigators who examined the car determined the following: The emergency brake was activated and remained in the "up" position Both rear wheels appeared to rotate freely No airbags were deployed in the crash The brake fluid reservoir appeared empty Three out of four brake lines coming out of the brake reservoir were cut; one appeared to be crimped Fox was taken from the crash scene to Geisinger hospital, where an emergency room physician pronounced her dead. Lackawanna County Coroner Tim Rowland classified the death a homicide. Near the end of Jenkins' interview with troopers, court records said, he admitted he killed Fox and that he should be arrested. Troopers said, "the defendant disclosed that it had to be him and couldn't have been anyone else." A preliminary hearing was held Thursday for Jose Plascencia, who is charged with trying to kidnap a 13-year-old girl as she walked home from school in Otay Mesa.	automotiveindustry
Memories of Christopher Creek life 	Christopher Creek has a rich heritage from the pioneer families in our first 100 years. Beginning in 1880, our first resident, a French trapper, Isador Christopher, settled on what would become the CI Ranch. The Bowmans bought the ranch in the early 1900s and years later were forced to sell the ranch and lived out their remaining years with their son, Lewis and his family, at the 13 Ranch. Another family with a tremendous influence was the Ashby family, which owned the CI Ranch property from well before the middle of the last century. Much later on, Paul and Polly divided the property among the children and eventually subdividing it into individual lots brings us to where we live today. Sometime back in the 1950s, a young man from Mesa came to the area to build cabins. He built his first home in See Canyon and moved his family here in the early 1960s. His name was Heber White. Heber and Blanche raised a family here in the Creek. A son, Larry, and two daughters, Deanna and Karen (Cookie) all cherish their childhood growing up here in the 1960s and 70s. Over the years, Heber built an excavating company and was instrumental in the building the gas station, Clipper’s Mobile Home Park, and the lot preparation at Creekside. Along the way, he installed untold numbers of septic systems and cabin foundations around the Creek. He purchased the Christopher Creek Bar in the mid-60s, which is now the Landmark. Blanche played guitar and Heber sang Hank Williams’ tunes to entertain the weekend customers. Heber was the “mayor” of Christopher Creek. A week ago a message from Cookie said she was coming to the Creek and she had something for me. We met up with Cookie, Deanna, and Linda, Larry’s wife, last Saturday afternoon on the deck at the Landmark. What ensued was a long, wide-ranging conversation about growing up in the Creek that stretched from one hour, to two, to three-and-a-half hours. The stories brought laughter and tears and, for me, a better insight into their long connection to the Creek. Deanna talked of what it was like with working parents and her younger years hanging out around the bar and restaurant. She spoke of being in the shadow of her big sister. She was Payson Rodeo Queen after Cookie had been queen five or six years prior. Deanna is currently working in the Creek as the capable administration assistant for Chief Lockhart at the fire station. Deanna shared her past and Linda chimed in when she could with names and details, but the afternoon belonged to Cookie. We learned that at the tender age of 12, she was bushing out and gathering cattle from the 13 Ranch all the way to Young. For a half-dozen years, she helped Bill Bowman with his cattle drives, camping along the trail and doing the cropping, branding and, yes, castrations. She talked about her friends growing up and the old-timers she knew. She learned the guitar on the cherished gift from old Bill Bowman. There were a lot of stories about their mom and dad. This weekend is the 48th Anniversary of the Labor Day Flood. The reason Cookie had made a trip all the way from Tucson was to bring me a copy of her story. She had written and self-published her account of her experiences on that fateful day and the powerful unburdening she found at the memorial dedication. It was a burden she didn’t realize she had carried all those years. Following the memorial dedication two years ago, she told of wanting to run to the family of the young mother who perished in the raging waters of Christopher Creek. “Hanging on to a tree for dear life at the age of 19, is something I never thought I would be doing. But there I was.” That is how she began. It’s a vignette of terror, clinging to a spindly pine tree as larger trees and debris in the rampage went around. She was with a friend, Kim, who she pulled from the waters by the hair, a fact she had blocked from her memory for 46 years. It is a compelling, well written, real-life experience. Cookie did a great job. And thank you, Deanna and Linda for a great afternoon. Labor Day weekend is here and Saturday morning is the Firebelles’ all-you-can-eat pancake/burrito breakfast starting at 8 a.m. at the fire station. At 1 p.m. the Christopher Creek HOA has its fall meeting and election of officers, again, at the fire station. Then the Landmark has a band for Saturday evening. It promises to be another history-making weekend … and that’s another week in the Creek.	null
Burn the Point draws a crowd on a cool summer night in Billings 	As Rick Boyce stood in the middle of Broadway and Third Avenue North Friday night, the past and present came rolling by and across the lens of his Canon Rebel camera. Burn the Point brings out everything from Model T's to cars that still carry the smell of a dealership lot in a mixture of decades and styles that Boyce has worked to capture in its entirety by taking an average of more than 600 photos every year for the last three years. Every car gets captured and every photo goes online to Boyce's Facebook page Magic City Street Cars, the information center for a local organization Boyce operates that celebrates everything from classic cars to drag strip races. Boyce said he came of age during the 1970s when cruising around in a smooth ride often promised to be a good time. That old feeling started to come back as the automobile parade began snaking its way around its traditional route in downtown Billings at about 6:32 p.m., the start signaled by the wailing and honking of a Blue Creek Volunteer Fire Department fire engine.  With each set of wheels passing by, Boyce tried to get his shot, crouching low, sometimes belly on the pavement, his free hand gesturing for the cars to come closer like loose dogs off the leash.  When the street style rides came rolling through, the hydraulics kicked into gear, wheels rising and dropping in a flamboyant dance of rubber on road.  "Those guys, they ham it up for me," Boyce said.  Part of what gets Boyce excited every year is the sheer diversity of cars and people that Burn the Point brings. "It's huge," he said of the draw. It's an event that brings people from out of state, that offers a chance for a wide range of styles, models and eras of automobile, and one that encourages participation from drivers young and old, Boyce said.  "Yeah, like this one right here," he said, flipping through his camera to look at some of his favorite cars of the night. An early 60s Impala, yellow and black, lights up on his camera's screen. "That's Brenton Dorsey, right? And he's had that car, I think he's 22 now. He bought that car at 16. He's had it since then. It only comes out for this. He cruises it on 24th every once in a while, he brings all his buddies with him, you know? That's passion."  "It doesn't matter whether you drive an import, yor drive something from a Model T to a 2016 Mustang, a truck, a diesel, it doesn't matter. As long as you respect everybody's passion."  That passion included a tricycle convertible covered in stars, stripes and bald eagles; a pair of long-haired, sunglasses-wearing men tapping their doors to the sounds of KISS as their convertible with license plate "METLDAD" cruised by; and a little girl in a witch's robe looking out the side of another convertible and gesturing into the air with a wand in an apparent effort to bring some magic to the city.  Rides with train whistles drew choice words and embarrassed laughter from startled attendees clutching icy beverages on a cool summer night in Billings. Children sat perched on sidewalk curbs and their parents' laps as people laughingly cheered the slick rides that stalled out before bystanders came running to push them off to the side to allow the parade to continue on by. Cold drinks for $2 a piece were on hand from the backs of green and yellow John Deere ATV's skirting the edges of the parade cars. Hundreds of people lined the streets of downtown until the parade ended just two minutes shy of 8 p.m. "The passion's ranging right now anywhere from 16 years old with a brand new license, all the way to 85, 90 years old, that are still bringing their cars out and getting to make a loop in Billings where they did 40 years ago."  Burn the Point is going strong and it's not disappearing, Boyce said.  "The generations are continuing," he said. "This will continue for years."  Proceeds from Burn the Point go towards the community crisis assistance fund for the Chase Hawks Memorial Association, a local nonprofit organization. Burn the Point continues Saturday at 10 a.m. with a classic car show at the Metra Park Fair grounds. Cost of admission is $3 to view roughly 300 vehicles. The show will include food, drink, music and awards for cars entered into competition. 	automotiveindustry
Bloomberg	Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.	null
Analysis: What's lost when the president can't show up?	WASHINGTON (AP) — What's lost when the president of the United States can't — or won't — show up? As the remembrances for the late Sen. John McCain shift from Arizona to Washington the rest of this week, President Donald Trump will be glaringly missing. The McCain family asked him to stay away from the four-day tribute to the storied Republican lawmaker. And even if they hadn't, it's unlikely Trump would have been eager to eulogize one of his fiercest critics. But Trump's absence is about more than just a personal feud between two dramatically different politicians. His inability to seize the ceremonial, symbolic power of the presidency, both in times of sorrow and joy, threatens to change an important aspect of the office itself and remake Americans' expectations of their commander in chief. "There's a loss," says Julian Zelizer, a political historian at Princeton University. "A lot of the stuff (Trump) does become norms. That's the power of a presidency. Now a president can be this way." The American presidency has always been tangled in partisan divisions. Most recent presidents have been elected by narrow margins after campaigns focused on party loyalists. Like Trump, his predecessors have frequently stuck to friendly environs, preferring the adulation of supporters to the criticism of detractors. But most modern presidents also have recognized that the office comes with certain ceremonial expectations. Americans not only look to the president to run the government, but also to lead in times of tragedy or cheer in moments of national pride. In the days after the Sept. 11 attacks, Republican George W. Bush rallied Democratic-heavy New York, standing on a pile of rubble at the World Trade Center and throwing out the first pitch at a Yankees game. Democrat Barack Obama walked the streets of reliably red territory in Missouri, Alabama and elsewhere, hugging residents after natural disasters. He helped ease tensions in South Carolina when he broke into a rendition of "Amazing Grace" at a funeral for victims of a black church shooting. McCain asked both Bush and Obama to speak at his funeral Saturday at Washington National Cathedral. Trump is expected to be at the White House, just a few miles away. Trump's absence in national moments of mourning or remembrance can open the way for others, including potential 2020 opponents, to fill that sort of role and offer a sharp counterpoint to the president. At a Phoenix memorial service on Thursday, former Vice President Joe Biden spoke of a "different code, an ancient, antiquated code" that McCain lived by, one in which "honor, courage, character, integrity, duty were what mattered." Trump stunned many members of his own party during the presidential campaign by mocking McCain's capture during the Vietnam War. Their relationship never recovered, and McCain emerged as one of Trump's sharpest GOP critics. In the days after McCain succumbed to brain cancer, Trump resisted aides' efforts to pay tribute to the senator and only grudgingly put out a statement honoring him. What's striking is that Trump was elected despite few Americans believing he was well-suited to take on some of the traditional obligations of the presidency. A Pew Research Center survey in November 2016, just before the election, showed that 66 percent did not believe he would set a high moral standard for the office. A Pew poll this summer showed that 71 percent believe he has not. Many Trump supporters argue that he was elected in part to defy convention and change expectations for the presidency. Indeed, the same Pew poll found that 60 percent of those who approve of Trump listed his personality or approach to politics among the things they like most about him. But some of his supporters have suggested he's missing an opportunity. Sen. Lindsey Graham, both a close friend of McCain and a Trump ally, urged the president this week to be "a big man in a big office." "John McCain was a big man, worthy of a big country," Graham said on CBS. "Mr. President, you need to be the big man that the presidency requires." At times, Trump has tried to unite or heal in moments of tragedy, with varying degrees of success. He traveled to Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria ripped through the island, but he feuded with the Democratic mayor of San Juan ahead of his arrival and the lasting image of his trip was his throwing rolls of paper towels into a crowd. He called the mother of an American soldier killed in Niger to offer condolences, but wound up tangling with a congresswoman who criticized him for telling the family that the soldier knew what he was signing up for. Increasingly, Trump is simply absent in moments when a president would be expected to show up. He was reportedly asked to not attend funeral services earlier this year for Barbara Bush, the matriarch of one of the nation's most prominent Republican families. And with athletes and celebrities often unwilling to be seen alongside Trump, he's sometimes had to skip functions such as the Kennedy Center Honors and cancel sports teams' championship celebrations at the White House. Doug Heye, a Republican strategist who has been critical of the president, said the real concern is not whether Trump can reinstate some of those ceremonial functions, but whether he could bring the country together if he needed to. "If we need a united national response, and we're not united, that makes the job of president to do those good and right things harder," Heye said. "That seems not possible right now." AP polling editor Emily Swanson and AP writer Laurie Kellman contributed to this report. EDITOR'S NOTE: Julie Pace has covered the White House and national politics for the AP since 2007. Follow her at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC	government
11 Popular Attractions and Their Less Crowded Alternatives	There are certain attractions around the world that top many travelers' bucket lists -- from the Eiffel Tower to the Brooklyn Bridge. But upon arriving, you'll find hordes of tourists, expensive admission fees, and dozens of raised, camera-toting hands that appear in your photos. Generally, these sights are famous for a reason and many folks find the reward worth the hassle of frustratingly long queues. However, after traveling across the globe, we've found some quieter, less-crowded alternatives to the popular landmarks. Below, check out 11 under-the-radar spots to hit up on your next getaway. Housing one of the world's most famous pieces of artwork, Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa," the Louvre is Paris' most well-known museum. In fact, it's the world's most-visited museum. The huge, 1793-opened space has works of art ranging from the "Venus de Milo" to the "Code of Hammurabi," and visitors can spend hours upon hours here. But, if there's not one specific piece you're dead set on seeing, it's worth avoiding the crowds and heading to the Musee Rodin. While it certainly sees its fair share of people, the numbers simply don't compare. Here, visitors will find an indoor museum and gorgeous outdoor garden dotted with the famous sculptor's masterpieces -- "The Thinker" and "The Gates of Hell" are highlights. Empire State Building, New York City/Oyster The Empire State Building is iconic, from providing a romantic meeting point in "Sleepless in Seattle" to being featured in skyline paintings of New York City. However, unless you purchase the VIP pass or visit on a rainy day, you'll likely be met with long lines to get to the top. Even worse, tourists often push each other for the best position and high wired fencing obstructs the view. So, if the landmark's primary appeal is its panoramic vista, there are better spots to get a bird's-eye view of the Big Apple. Just 15 blocks north, the Top of the Rock observatory at Rockefeller Center isn't as high (70th floor versus 86th and 102nd), but it does provide views of the Empire State Building and Central Park. Plus, time slots with fewer people, and glass panels instead of wiring, means a much more pleasant viewing experience. The 443-foot-high London Eye is a family-friendly Ferris wheel that offers lovely views over the city, including sights such as the Parliament and Westminster Abbey. However, even with a more expensive fast-track ticket, you'll still be waiting in a line to get up. Those without the upgraded ticket can often expect to stand in a queue for at least an hour for the 30-minute ride. Meanwhile, the Sky Garden is a free indoor public garden with bar and restaurant service, plus sensational London skyline views from the 35th floor and above. Travelers can book a free observation floor time slot or reserve a restaurant space in advance, helping to keep the number of people in check. Mayan ruins provide a superb look at the ancient civilization, with their stunning structures, hieroglyphics, and advanced mathematics. One of the most popular Mayan sites is Chichen Itza, due to its close proximity to Cancun. While the complex is big and stunning, on any given day, visitors can expect to encounter hordes of other travelers. Additionally, its perimeter is lined with vendors hawking souvenirs, detracting from the overall historic feel. Deep in the jungle, Calakmul is a large Mayan site surrounded by lush vegetation and howler monkeys, making it feel like an undiscovered gem. It's not easy to reach, requiring a long drive from the nearest major cities, so we recommend hiring a guide. There's a reason the Sagrada Familia is the number one attraction in Barcelona. The Gaudi-designed church is a magnificent, imposing structure that's still being completed. Though unfinished, its sensational mix of Gothic and Art Nouveau designs, multiple towers, and stained-glass windows bring tons of visitors each day. And that means long lines and lots of people that keep it crowded at all times. Although it also attracts many tourists, the Barcelona Cathedral offers a striking, less-busy church experience in the city. The Gothic cathedral first began construction in 1298, but its current look wasn't completed until 1913. It's generally a serene spot, featuring stained glass, gargoyle-adorned roofs, and a pretty cloister with 13 live white geese. Many of Sydney's most famous attractions are centered around the Harbour, including the Sydney Opera House. The iconic 1973-opened building has an unmistakable design, and was designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2007. While taking photos of the outside is free, a tour or performance at the venue will cost you. Many past visitors have noted that there are bound to be lines of tourists here. If an exterior shot is more vital than an interior, we recommend heading to Blues Point Reserve. Set in a quiet area with limited dining and retail outlets nearby, the park offers picture-perfect views of the Harbour Bridge and Sydney Opera House, without the crowds. St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City is a gorgeous representation of Renaissance architecture, designed in part by Michelangelo, Bramante, and Bernini. Construction started in 1506 and was completed in 1626, and today, it is the largest church in the world. Perhaps its most alluring feature is Michelangelo's "Pieta," though the architecture and additional works of art are no less impressive. However, visitors will almost certainly have to face a long line of other eager tourists. Despite being the best-rated attraction, the free-to-enter Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore manages to avoid the tourist crowds of Rome. The fifth-century church is large, containing a gilded and coffered ceiling, incredible mosaics, and marble columns. It's a 20-minute walk from the Trevi Fountain, giving it a convenient location to other top attractions. Thailand, and Bangkok specifically, are full of gorgeous temples that provide a great look into the country's culture. The most popular temple in the capital is Wat Pho, or the Temple of the Reclining Buddha, as it's one of the oldest and largest, known for its 150-foot gilded Buddha statue. Intricate decoration, a striking exterior, and even Thai massages on offer make this spot extremely touristy. Those who want a more serene, spiritual temple experience should head to Wat Ratchanatdaram Woravihara (Loha Prasat). The quiet, free temple has an iron roof and 37 spires representing each of the enlightenment virtues of Buddhism. Multiple floors provide space for sitting and walking meditation. Dark in color, with a roasted coffee and chocolate-like taste, Guinness is hands down the most popular beer in Ireland. And whether or not they actually like the brew, most Dublin tourists make time to visit the iconic Guinness Storehouse for a tour and tasting. But the lines are long and interiors are crowded, so unless you're keen on seeing a brewery, there are better spots to have a pint. Enter The Brazen Head, a buzzing pub where you can down a Guinness with great food and live Irish music. Claiming to be the oldest pub in Ireland, the place is certainly busy, though most visitors can easily find a spot to sit inside or outside and take in the atmosphere during the day. Berlin is an interesting city, with its tumultuous past on display at the Berlin Wall Memorial, and present alternative art scene felt with widespread graffiti and late-night music venues. One popular spot that will help you understand the city's past is Checkpoint Charlie, a replica of a crossing point between East and West Berlin during the Cold War. Today, actors dressed as soldiers provide a touristy representation of the historic site, and take pictures with travelers for a fee. Those interested in the history of Checkpoint Charlie should head to the less-visited Allied Museum. Documenting the Western Allies' roles in Germany between 1945 and 1994, the museum houses the original guardhouse from the Checkpoint Charlie border crossing, as well as a transport plane outside and historic documents. India's most famous attraction is the Taj Mahal, a huge marble mausoleum built between 1631 and 1648 in memory of the emperor's wife. Set along the the banks of the Yamuna River, the gorgeous structure is revered for its top dome, tombs, intricate details, and interior archways. But massive crowds, often coupled with high temperatures and intense smog, can be less than ideal. On the opposite side of the river sits Mehtab Bagh, a lovely park with direct views of the Taj Mahal. Flowers, trees, and a few benches replace hordes of tourists, allowing visitors to take in the Taj Mahal's beauty amid a serene setting. Come early in the morning or at sunset for the best vistas. 	null
Microsoft to contractors: Give new parents paid leave	In this April 28, 2015, file photo, a man walks past a Microsoft sign set up for the Microsoft BUILD conference at Moscone Center in San Francisco. Microsoft says it's requiring its U.S. suppliers to offer their employees at least 12 weeks paid leave to care for a new child. The company announced the new parental leave policy Thursday, Aug. 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Microsoft will begin requiring its contractors to offer their U.S. employees paid leave to care for a new child. It's common for tech firms to offer generous family leave benefits for their own software engineers and other full-time staff, but paid leave advocates say it's still rare to require similar benefits for contracted workers such as janitors, landscapers, cafeteria crews and software consultants. "Given its size and its reach, this is a unique and hopefully trailblazing offering," said Vicki Shabo, vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. The new policy affects businesses with at least 50 U.S.-based employees that do substantial work with Microsoft that involves access to its buildings or its computing network. It doesn't affect suppliers of goods. Contractors would have to offer at least 12 weeks of leave to those working with the Redmond, Washington-based software giant; the policy wouldn't affect the contractors' arrangements with other companies. Leave-takers would get 66 percent of regular pay, up to $1,000 weekly. The policy announced Thursday rolls out over the next year as the company amends its contracts with those vendors. That may mean some of Microsoft's costs will rise to cover the new benefits, said Dev Stahlkopf, the company's corporate vice president and general counsel. "That's just fine and we think it's well worth the price," she said. Microsoft doesn't disclose how many contracted workers it uses, but it's in the thousands. The new policy expands on Microsoft's 2015 policy requiring contractors to offer paid sick days and vacation. Other companies such as Facebook have also committed to improve contractor benefits amid unionization efforts by shuttle drivers, security guards and other contract workers trying to get by in expensive, tech-fueled regions such as the San Francisco Bay Area and around Washington's Puget Sound. In this May 11, 2017, file photo a technical fellow at Microsoft stands on stage after speaking at the Microsoft Build 2017 developers conference in Seattle. Microsoft says it's requiring its suppliers to offer their U.S. employees at least 12 weeks paid leave to care for a new child. The policy announced Thursday, Aug. 30, 2018, rolls out over the next year. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) Facebook doesn't guarantee that contract workers receive paid parental leave, but provides a $4,000 new child benefit for new parents who don't get leave. A much smaller California tech company, SurveyMonkey, announced a paid family leave plan for its contract workers earlier this year. Microsoft said its new policy is partially inspired by a Washington state law taking effect in 2020 guaranteeing eligible workers 12 weeks paid time off for the birth or adoption of a child. The state policy, signed into law last year, follows California and a handful of other states in allowing new parents to tap into a fund that all workers pay into. Washington will also require employers to help foot the bill. A federal paid parental leave plan proposed by President Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, could rely on a similar model but has gained little traction. "Compared to what employers are doing, the government is way behind the private sector," said Isabel Sawhill, a fellow at the Brookings Institution who has urged the White House and Congress to adopt a national policy. Sawhill said it is "very unusual and very notable" that Microsoft is extending family leave benefits to its contract workers. Microsoft already offers more generous family leave benefits to its own employees, including up to 20 weeks fully paid leave for a birth mother. Microsoft's push to spread its employee benefits to a broader workforce "sends a message that something has to happen more systematically at the federal level," said Ariane Hegewisch, a program director for employment and earnings at the Institute for Women's Policy Research. Until then, she said, it's helpful that Microsoft seems willing to pay contracting firms more to guarantee their workers' better benefits. "Paid family leave is expensive and they acknowledge that," Hegewisch said. Otherwise, she said, contractors with many employees of child-bearing age could find themselves at a competitive disadvantage to those with older workforces. Republican state Sen. Joe Fain, the prime sponsor of the measure that passed last year, said Microsoft's decision was "a really powerful step forward." By applying the plan to contractors and vendors around the country, "it really creates a pressure for those state legislatures to make a similar decision that Washington made." 	informationtechnology
Former Medical Examiner Traded Opioids For Sex 	MILTON — A former forensic pathologist and medical examiner will serve eight years in federal prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to illegally distribute opioid painkillers in exchange for sexual favors from women, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Georgia said. Dr. Joseph L. Burton, who was indicted in February along with several co-defendants, pleaded guilty May 22 to conspiracy to unlawfully distribute and dispense controlled substances outside of the normal course of professional practice and without a legitimate medical purpose, the office added. Burton, 73, of Milton, will also have to serve three years on probation once he’s released from prison. “As a medical professional, Dr. Burton violated both his legal and ethical responsibilities when he knowingly wrote hundreds of illegal opioid prescriptions in exchange for sexual favors,” said U.S. Attorney BJay Pak. “We will continue to work closely with our federal, state, and local law enforcement partners to hold those accountable who unlawfully distribute opioids in our community.” According to federal prosecutors, Dr. Burton was a licensed physician who operated as a consulting pathologist to determine the medical causes of diseases and death. Burton served as the chief medical examiner in DeKalb County and senior consulting pathologist for Cobb, Gwinnett and Paulding counties before opening his Milton-based firm in 2000. (For more news like this, find your local Patch here. If you have an iPhone, click here to get the free Patch iPhone app; download the free Patch Android app here) The government began investigating the doctor after agents with the Georgia Drug & Narcotics Agency and the Georgia Composite Medical Board visited him in early 2017 and discovered that he was prescribing painkillers to a large number of patients without operating a medical clinic or regularly seeing patients. For about two years beginning in July 2015, Dr. Burton issued more than 1,100 opioid prescriptions, which amounted to over 108,000 individual doses, including over 66,000 30mg oxycodone pills, Pak’s office states. Dr. Burton prescribed opioids such as oxycodone, hydrocodone, and methadone, “irrespective of any legitimate medical purpose and outside the normal course of professional practice, in exchange for sexual favors and romantic affection.” The doctor also prescribed opioids to people without conducting a thorough examination, and on occasion, without meeting them at all. Co-defendants Tiffany Willis, Jennifer Hunter and Rhonda Haugland each engaged in a sexual relationship with Dr. Burton in exchange for prescriptions in their names, as well as the names of others, federal prosecutors note. Hunter, Haugland, and Willis would fill their prescriptions and sell the pills, and obtain more prescriptions from Burton for other individuals, who paid them for getting the prescriptions. Dr. Burton also supplied the co-defendants with blank prescriptions and instructed them on how to fill them out. The approximate street value of the oxycodone pills that Burton prescribed exceeds $2 million, the feds added. Click here to continue. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	healthcare&biotechnology
Community Calendar	Alcoholics Anonymous - 7:30 a.m., noon, 4 p.m., 6 p.m., 8 p.m. at Alano Club, 419 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Closed meeting, nonsmoking. Grand Haven Farmers Market - 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. under the green canopy at Chinook Pier. Al-Anon - 10 a.m. at Alano Club, 419 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Nonsmoking. Alcoholics Anonymous - Noon at Swiss Village Alpine Lodge, 18280 Alpine Court, Spring Lake Township. Closed meeting. Men’s Open Basketball - 12-2 p.m. at Lakeshore Middle School, 900 Cutler St., Grand Haven. Lakeshore Recovering Couples Anonymous - 7-8:30 p.m. at St. Paul’s United Church of Christ, 1401 S. Griffin St., Grand Haven. Child care available by prearranging. Line Dancing with West Michigan Bootscooters - 7-10:30 p.m. at Spotlight Dance Academy, 1445 Columbus Ave., Grand Haven. SUNDAY, September 2 Alcoholics Anonymous - 7:30 a.m., 9:30 a.m., noon, 4 p.m., 5:30 p.m., 7 p.m., at Alano Club, 419 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Closed meeting, nonsmoking. 7 p.m. is a speaker meeting. Loving Spoonfuls Meal Ministry - 1-2 p.m. at St. John’s Episcopal Church, 524 Washington Ave., Grand Haven. MONDAY, September 3 Alcoholics Anonymous - 7:30 a.m., noon, 4 p.m., 6 p.m., 8 p.m., at Alano Club, 419 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Closed meetings. Bridge Walk - 9 a.m. starting at the north end of Third Street Bridge, Grand Haven. Alcoholics Anonymous - Noon at Swiss Village Alpine Lodge, 18280 Alpine Court, Spring Lake Township. Closed meeting. Women's AA Meeting - 7 p.m. at Swiss Village, Alpine Lodge, 18280 Alpine Court, Spring Lake Township. Al-Anon - 7:30 p.m. at St. John’s Episcopal Church, 524 Washington Ave., Grand Haven. Alcoholics Anonymous - 7:30 p.m. at First Presbyterian Church, 508 Franklin Ave., Grand Haven. Closed meeting. TUESDAY, September 4 Alcoholics Anonymous - 7:30 a.m., noon, 4 p.m., 6 p.m., 8 p.m., at Alano Club, 419 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Closed meetings. ESL Beginning to Intermediate Class - 9 a.m. to noon at St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, 920 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Crochet and Quilting classes - 9 a.m. at Four Pointes, 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. Blood Pressure Clinic - 9:15-11 a.m. at Evergreen Village Apartments, 217 Dewitt Lane, Spring Lake. Toddler Storytime - 9:30 and 10:30 a.m. at Norton Shores Library, 705 Seminole Road. Coffee and Coloring - 10 a.m. to noon at Loutit District Library, 407 Columbus Ave., Grand Haven. Job Seeker Program Office - 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at St. Patrick’s Church, 920 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Pedaling for Parkinson’s - 10:30-11:15 a.m. at Tri-Cities Family YMCA, 1 Y Drive, Grand Haven. Bosu Complete Workout - 11 a.m. at Four Pointes, 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. Alcoholics Anonymous - Noon at Swiss Village Alpine Lodge, 18280 Alpine Court, Spring Lake Township. Closed meeting. Al-Anon - Noon at All Shores Wesleyan Church, 15550 Cleveland St., Spring Lake Township. Mahjongg - 1 p.m. at Four Pointes, 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. ESL Advanced Class - 1-4 p.m. at St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, 920 Fulton Ave., Grand Haven. Ping-Pong - 1 and 6 p.m. at Four Pointes, 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. Conditioning with Confidence - 3 p.m. at Four Pointes, 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. St. Matthew Lutheran Church and Child Care Open House - 4-7 p.m. at 15395 Rannes St., Spring Lake Township. Games, photos, bounce houses and food provided. Tuesday Nights at Four Pointes - 5-8 p.m. at 1051 S. Beacon Blvd., Grand Haven. Includes euchre, bingo, open crafting studio, yoga. TOPS MI-868 - 5:30 p.m. at Spring Lake Presbyterian Church, 760 E. Savidge St. Jam Night - 6-9 p.m. at Coopersville Farm Museum, 375 Main St. Admission: $4. Puppy Social Hour - 7-8 p.m. at Must Love Dogs Boutique & Spa, 211 Washington Ave., Grand Haven. For puppies younger than 1 and less than 20 pounds to socialize with other puppies and puppy owners. Civil Air Patrol - 7-9 p.m. at RK Properties, 1478 Ellis Road, Muskegon. Coed Adult Open Volleyball - 7-9 p.m. at Lakeshore Middle School Gym, 900 Cutler St., Grand Haven. Fee: $3 for residents, $5 for nonresidents. West Shore Chorus of Sweet Adelines Rehearsal - 7-9:30 p.m. at Forest Park Covenant Church, 3815 Henry St., Norton Shores. Want to promote your upcoming event? Send an email to the Tribune of your event with time, date and address to: [email protected]	null
Yara Shahidi Announces #WeVoteNext Summit to Educate Youth Leaders	IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy.	education
New Port Richey 	A New Port Richey stay-at-home mom has been arrested for child neglect after she was discovered passed out in her car with her 5-year-old. Pasco County sheriff’s deputies arrested a 21-year-old woman who reportedly hit her grandmother in the back of the head twice with a hammer. 	null
Inside the Chaotic World of Whale Shark Tourism	Welcome to Oslob, home of the whale shark selfie. In this town, near the southern tip of Cebu Island in the Philippines, whale sharks are a big draw. Tourism is booming for people who want to watch, swim with, and take photographs next to the world’s biggest fish. Since it began in 2011, Oslob’s whale shark-watching operation has become the largest such venture in the world. But the operation is controversial, because whale sharks don’t naturally gather here, unlike other such sites in the country. The Oslob sharks are hand-fed, and this essentially guarantees they will show up to thrill guests, who can snap close-range photos. The situation raises thorny questions, for example about the impact of feeding and human interaction on the animals, the sustainability of such an operation, and the conservation value. Do the benefits outweigh potential downsides? These questions are not merely academic, considering whale sharks are globally endangered and their numbers in the Philippines region are in steep decline. Prior to 1998, when whale sharks gained national legal protection, hundreds of whale sharks were killed in the Philippines each year for their meat and fins. But poaching still happens here and elsewhere, since demand and markets for whale sharks remain, a primary destination being China—and a single animal can fetch tens of thousands of dollars. Their meat, fins, and oil are sold for food, and their skin for bags. (Related: The world's largest whale sharks are disappearing.) Oslob’s day begins at six in the morning, when the first tourist arrivals listen to a short briefing—no touching, no riding, no flash photography, and keep at least six feet away from the sharks at all times. Visitors don masks, snorkels, and life jackets and board outrigger boats to see the sharks. In the “interaction area,” about 150 feet from shore, the boats line up and the show begins. Feeders in small, one-person outrigger canoes dish out handfuls of thawed shrimp to the waiting sharks, many of which time their arrival to within a few minutes of feeding. It’s called “watching,” but there’s just as much “posing.” It’s a strange sight: A line of tourists in the water hold on to the boat’s outrigger. Their backs face the sharks while they mug for the cellphones being clicked by the boat operator. The beasts are the backdrop. Guests are told they can go to jail if they touch or get too close to the sharks, but researchers have found that more than 95 percent of swimmers break the rules—often inadvertently. It’s a melee out there, and contact happens. Some of the sharks swim languidly at a 45-degree angle, as though their tails were weighted. Others stay almost motionless, entirely vertical, slurping the shrimp with muscular gulps—a whirlpool of water and food disappearing into their postbox-slot mouths. Feeding ceases at midday. The sharks dissipate and the boatmen disperse. Show’s over, until tomorrow. Shark viewing is a growing sector of the tourism industry, and other operations (in other countries, for example) use baiting or provisioning to attract animals. It’s often billed as ecotourism, but that can sometimes seem a stretch. Ecotourism, at its best, draws humans into the world of the creatures they encounter. It has low impact on ecosystems and a demonstrable conservation value. But many argue that's not exactly what's happening here. There are some benefits to the enterprise. For one, the whale sharks in Oslob are still around. “The scene at Oslob is chaotic, and the controversy is real,” says my colleague David Doubilet, who has been photographing in the Philippines for a forthcoming National Geographic feature. “But the sharks are alive and not lying dead, fins removed, in cold storage somewhere in Asia.” Another likely upside: A reduction in fishing pressure around Oslob. The 170 or so members of the local fishermen’s association, who feed the sharks and ferry the guests, no longer need to catch fish for food from increasingly depleted reefs. Likewise, fishers nearby can earn a living supplying the several hundred pounds of shrimp needed for each day’s shark food, thus placing less pressure on declining fish stocks. The giant beasts also benefit the local economy. At night, the Oslob coastline twinkles with the lights of more than 50 hostels, resorts and guesthouses, as well as local homes. “The whale sharks brought the lights,” one resident told me. Who would imagine that prosperity could come to Oslob by something as simple as throwing handfuls of shrimp into the mouths of passing sharks? Mark Rendon, a 26-year-old boatman, has been part of the Oslob operation for three years. He used to work away from home in Cebu City as a government clerk. Now he earns more, travels less, has fewer expenses and lives at home with his family. Sixty percent of the tourism revenue goes to the fishermen, according to Rendon. Thirty percent goes to the municipality and 10 percent to the local village. It is not just the fishers who have benefited. “Housewives have become entrepreneurs,” Rendon said—selling leis, souvenirs, fruit smoothies, snacks. As far the sharks go, most visit for a few days or weeks and move on. But some—four percent of the total—become year-round residents. Scientists worry that sharks that take advantage of the free feed for prolonged periods may suffer ill effects, both physiologically and behaviorally. While research has begun, conducted for example by the Large Marine Vertebrates Research Institute Philippines, basic questions about the influence of this feeding remain unanswered. The shrimp they’re fed is a less diverse mix of planktonic creatures than what they would consume naturally. It’s not junk food, but neither is it necessarily a healthy diet. Whale sharks associate boats with free food, and that connection could lead them into danger elsewhere. Almost half of the whale sharks studied at Oslob have propeller cuts on their bodies, which must have happened elsewhere, since the operation uses only hand-paddled vessels. These animals may also be more likely to one day approach a shark-fishing vessel. Whale sharks have been nationally protected in the Philippines since 1998, but poaching persists here, and elsewhere in the animal’s huge ranges, where they may not necessarily be legally protected. It’s also unclear what happens when these migratory animals are conditioned to remain in one place for an extended period of time, and what effect that might have on their patterns of social interactions and movement. Of the 650 individual whale sharks that have been identified in the Philippines, a quarter have been seen at Oslob. That’s a significant portion of the population being exposed to unknown survival risks. Some would argue that whale sharks—like whales, pandas, polar bears, tigers, and elephants—are ambassadors for the natural world: charismatic creatures that move us to care for Earth and its multitudinous life. And perhaps that benefit might offset a small degree of disturbance to these creatures. For every grinning Oslob tourist snapping a photo with a shark, could there be another who looks into the eye of that great spotted giant and sees something of immense intrinsic worth, whose existence must be protected? Or are these sharks primarily narcissistic props? A recent study of how tourists perceive the Oslob whale shark operation found that many visitors recognize that feeding an endangered species for tourism purposes is ethically problematic—if not morally wrong—but participate anyway. Some researchers describe this type of justification as a “guilty pleasure.” Fishers I spoke to feared that the government might decide the conservation risks outweighed the economic benefits and ban shark-feeding. That would, in effect, end their business. They hope the benefits will be seen to offset the risks to the sharks. For Rendon, it’s simple. “I want to do this forever,” he says. For advocates of the creatures, it’s equally plain: Wildlife should not be fed. Meanwhile, whale shark tourism—with its unknown effects on the animals—shows no signs of slowing down.	null
Auction: 15016965	TAURUS Public Defender Single/Double 45 Colt (LC)/410 2 Inch 5 rd Black Polymer Grip Black NEW!!! SEE PHOTOS. NO CREDIT CARD FEES!! This scaled-down model of , the Taurus Judge, it still gives you the ability to fire your choice of ammunition in a lighter, polymer body frame with updates for improved handling and accuracy. It is truly amazing just like its big brother, this little gun delivers amazing versatility and devastating firepower for self-protection. This model has a blued frame, cylinder, barrel, and black grip. Brand Taurus Category Revolvers Caliber 45 Colt (LC) / 410 Model 45/410 Series Public Defender Type Revolver Action Single / Double Frame Size Small Sights Fiber Optic Capacity 5 Cylinder Finish Blued Frame Description Blued Grips Black Polymer Hammer Style Exposed OAL 7.65" Weight 27 oz Barrel Finish Black Barrel Length 2" Buyer pays $25.00 shipping and insurance to 48 states. Alaska and Hawaii actual shipping charges apply. NO COSTLY CREDIT CARD FEES!   FFL REQUIRED FOR FIREARM SALES. NO CALIFORNIA SALES!!  MICHIGAN SALES TAX APPLIES. 	null
Swedish study notes surge in Twitter bots ahead of election	COPENHAGEN — A Swedish government study says there’s been a recent surge in the number of automated Twitter accounts ahead of the Sept. 9 election, noting that 40 percent of them are more likely to support the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats party, expected to make gains. The study by Sweden’s defense research agency comes amid broader concerns over misinformation ahead of the election. Researcher Johan Fernquist said the number of so-called Twitter bots discussing politics nearly doubled from July to August. The report published Wednesday said users “may be led to believe that this content (is) more widely accepted or more mainstream than it actually is.” Two UC Berkeley students say their concern over divisive, political propaganda on social media has motivated them to create a way to help users identify Twitter accounts run by automated programs or bots. The FOI agency noted that “it is 40 percent more common that the bots express support for the Swedish Democrats compared to what genuine accounts do.” FOI, which analyzed almost 600,000 tweets from more than 45,000 accounts, did not say who might be behind the bots. “Hopefully, this study will contribute to a greater awareness of possible effects of the bots, so more citizens make their decisions without being affected by them,” Fernquist said.	informationtechnology
Windsor man arrested after downtown robbery 	Windsor police are crediting downtown patrol officers for helping nab a robbery suspect. Officers were on routine patrol downtown in the area of Ouellette Avenue and Maiden Lane on Wednesday ... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	null
'For Motion Picture Use Only': Police advise North Dakota community about rash of counterfeit money	There's a rash of blatantly counterfeit bills being circulated in one North Dakota community. Grand Forks Police Department warned residents and business owners about the issue. Authorities have shared how to spot the obvious fraud: Both the front and back of the bill include warnings that it's for motion picture use only. Other money has Chinese writing printed or stamped on the bills, police said. The most common bill being used in the scam is $100.	null
SC quashes FIR against Malayalam actress Priya Varrier	Subsequently, a bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra, Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice D Y Chandrachud stayed all criminal actions by Telangana and Maharashtra against the actress saying, 'action could not be initiated in other states as well'. The court, quashing the FIR, stated that the matters raised by the complainants were baseless. The song, called Manikya Malaraya Poovi, is the recreation of a famous "mappila paattu" (a Muslim folk song genre) that was composed by Thalassery K Refeeque, with lyrics by PMA Jabbar. Quashing the FIR, the court in its order said, "We don't find that the said provision (Section 295A of the Indian Penal Code) is attracted". It is also worth noting here that the SC had put a hold to all criminal proceedings against the actress this February. Further, a number of criminal complaints were filed by persons and organisations in Mumbai, who demanded that the video be taken down. The defendant in the case, Mohammad Khan said that the song has hurt the sentiments of the Muslim community. She said the song was a traditional one sung by Muslims in north Kerala's Malabar region. "It is submitted that a song, which has been cherished by more than one crore Muslim population of Kerala, can not suddenly offend religious sentiments", it had said. She had said that the FIR was lodged against her on February 14 at Falaknama police station in Hyderabad on a complaint that alleged that the song hurt the religious sentiment of a community. A group of Muslims in Hyderabad has lodged a complaint with the police against expressions of Priya Prakash Varrier.	legal
Final farewells to Sen. John McCain begin at Arizona Capitol	PHOENIX (AP) - Those who wish to give a final farewell to Sen. John McCain can pay respects at the Arizona State Capitol during the first of two days of services here before McCain departs his beloved Arizona. A private ceremony will be held Wednesday morning at the Capitol rotunda. Later that afternoon, the Capitol will be open to members of the public who want to pay their respects. A church service will be held on Thursday at North Phoenix Baptist Church. From there, McCain will depart Arizona for the last time from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. Another viewing will be at the U.S. Capitol on Friday, with a final memorial service at the Washington National Cathedral. 	government
Scientists Observe Decay of Higgs Boson Particle into Two Bottom Quarks	In order to catch the decay, ATLAS and CMS combined their data obtained through two runs of the Large Hadron Collider, performed analyses and found bottom quarks which they then had to trace back to a Higgs boson. Nonetheless physicists gentle want to clutch extra relating to the Higgs' internal workings.The fashioned mannequin makes predictions of how in most cases the Higgs might perchance well presumably furthermore gentle decay into differing forms of particles. The lifespan of this particle is about one septillionth of a second, after which it begins to decay into less massive particles. The Standard Model is now supported by evidence, showing that Higgs field gives quarks and other important particles mass. Discerning which bottom quarks came from the Higgs versus other particles has been the main challenge facing the LHC's two Higgs detectors, the Compact Muon Solenoid (CMS) with which Olsen works, and its companion, ATLAS.	research
Box Inc (BOX) to Post Q4 2019 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts	Box Inc (NYSE:BOX) – Investment analysts at First Analysis issued their Q4 2019 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for BOX in a report issued on Wednesday, August 29th. First Analysis analyst forecasts that the software maker will post earnings per share of $0.01 for the quarter. First Analysis has a “Overweight” rating and a $32.00 price target on the stock. Get BOX alerts: A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. MED boosted their target price on BOX to $29.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 30th. ValuEngine raised BOX from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Friday, May 11th. Rosenblatt Securities lowered BOX from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $25.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Thursday, May 31st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on BOX from $19.00 to $21.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, May 31st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered BOX from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 15th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $27.21. NYSE:BOX opened at $24.56 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $3.73 billion, a PE ratio of -20.48 and a beta of 1.10. The company has a current ratio of 1.00, a quick ratio of 1.00 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.50. BOX has a 12-month low of $17.25 and a 12-month high of $29.79. BOX (NYSE:BOX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, August 28th. The software maker reported ($0.05) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.01. The business had revenue of $148.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $146.58 million. BOX had a negative return on equity of 513.02% and a negative net margin of 27.10%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.11) earnings per share. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of BOX. SG Americas Securities LLC purchased a new stake in shares of BOX in the first quarter valued at approximately $111,000. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY purchased a new stake in BOX during the second quarter worth $113,000. Clear Perspective Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in BOX during the second quarter worth $170,000. NumerixS Investment Technologies Inc purchased a new stake in BOX during the second quarter worth $192,000. Finally, CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC purchased a new stake in BOX during the second quarter worth $200,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.44% of the company’s stock. In related news, Director Steven M. Krausz sold 14,284 shares of BOX stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.16, for a total value of $359,385.44. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,081 shares in the company, valued at $228,477.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Rory O’driscoll sold 500,000 shares of BOX stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.05, for a total value of $13,025,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 1,434,284 shares of company stock worth $37,576,135. Company insiders own 8.51% of the company’s stock. Box, Inc provides cloud content management platform that enables organizations of various sizes to manage and share their enterprise content from anywhere or any device. The company's Software-as-a-Service platform enables users to collaborate on content internally and with external parties, automate content-driven business processes, develop custom applications, and implement data protection, security, and compliance features. See Also: Hedge Funds Receive News & Ratings for BOX Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BOX and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 	informationtechnology
Musical Ride-bred horses slated for largest-ever RCMP Foundation auction 	For a few thousand dollars, you could enter the bidding war to own Ogilvie, a one-year-old gelding whose bay colouring ended his chances to join the RCMP’s Musical Ride. Despite that, “An exciting future awaits his expressive movement, elastic gaits and wonderful disposition,” according to an online auction description tempting 11 bidders to push his purchase price to at least $4,200 since the auction opened six days ago. This fall, the RCMP Foundation is hosting its largest-ever horse auction, featuring steeds from the Musical Ride breeding program who didn’t, for various reasons, make the Musical Ride team or who have finished their service term and are moving on to new pastures. It’s been three years since the last auction — the event normally takes place on a biannual basis — so this time around, they have nearly double the 20 horses the foundation is used to auctioning off, explained its president, Sylvie Madely. So they’ve split the almost 40-horse cohort roughly in two, with one half going to a foundation-first online auction running from Aug. 24 to Sept. 23, and the other half being auctioned live, as has traditionally occurred, on Oct. 13. “It’s very exciting,” Madely said Monday. “Because we are going online, we really are making it accessible to all Canadians to participate, to view the horses, to engage with the auction.” The horses going to the auction block are Hanoverians, a breed of horse that the RCMP began using for the Musical Ride in the 1980s, according to its riding master, Sgt. Maj. Martin Kohnen. Previously, they were using mainly thoroughbreds whose excitability and high tempers made them hard to manage on the rigorous cross-country performance tour that is the Musical Ride. Sgt. Maj. Martin Kohnen, who is the riding master for the RCMP Musical Ride, inside the stables, where 35 of the horses are up for auction. “For our show, horses have to be able to take in new environments almost daily, new surroundings, the noises,” Kohnen said. Along came the Hanoverian, a more relaxed but-still-sporty breed that is more likely to come out black in colour, making them perfectly suited to the Ride’s rigorous standards. “It could be the best horse in the world, but if it’s brown, it’s out,” said Kohnen. Many of the horses going to auction aren’t the right size or colour for the ride, but that certainly doesn’t mean they won’t be successful in other equine pursuits. Just ask Gina Smith, a Canadian Olympic dressage medallist who now trains at Franklands Farm in Brockville. She was asked to assess all the horses for auction and describe what she saw in each of them for potential buyers. “They’re … really good-quality horses, and every one of them, depending on what the person wants, every horse is going to be suited for something different,” she said Wednesday. Some can be developed for dressage or show-jumping, some for breeding, and others would just make good companion horses. “Definitely get the opinions of professionals if you’re looking for a horse,” she advised prospective bidders, particularly if they’re first-time horse owners. Sgt. Maj. Martin Kohnen, who is the Riding Master for the RCMP Musical Ride, chats with horse trainers at the RCMP stables. According to Kohnen, this year’s auction is shaping up to be a popular one — “The phone hasn’t stopped ringing, we’ve had all sorts of inquiries from buyers” — despite the controversy that descended on the Musical Ride between the last auction and this one. In the spring of 2017, then-riding master Sgt. Maj. Marc Godue was assigned to other duties outside the Ride pending the outcome of a review into allegations of animal abuse. At the time, this newspaper reported that if a dismissal were sought, a public conduct hearing would be scheduled. In a statement this week, the RCMP media relations team said the review was completed last year, and Godue retired this past April. They said further details could not be provided as the disclosure of the personal information of employees involved in conduct matters is subject to privacy legislation. “I’m fully aware of what apparently happened then, so that’s why it was dealt with,” said Kohnen, who took over as riding master in December. “Just because of some rotten apple, the whole tree is not spoiled.” “All I can do is put my best foot forward to right that, and to be very articulate about the fact that … these horses receive the utmost care and attention, and that’s why I think we have horses that have a kindness and a disposition that is second to none.” Madely estimated that this year’s auction will raise more than $500,000. Some of the money will go back into the RCMP’s breeding program and a “significant portion” will be invested, through the foundation, into programming for at-risk children and youth. Traditionally, people from around the world — farm owners and riders alike — have arrived in Ottawa to participate in the live auction, Madely said. Guest tables have already sold out, but interested bidders can register at www.rcmp-f.net/news/horse-auction for the live and online auctions. Horse trainers at the RCMP Musical Ride stables take out some of the horses that are up for auction for some exercise in the outdoor ring. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	null
Three Bulgarian ministers quit over fatal bus crash 	Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	null
White Plains real estate developer accused of fraud	The U.S. Attorney's Office has charged a real estate developer from White Plains with wire fraud. Officials say Michael D'Alessio, the former president and CEO of real estate development firm Michael Paul Enterprises, ran a scheme to defraud investors in luxury real estate development projects in Manhattan, the Hamptons and Westchester County. The offices for D'Alessio's company used to be located on Water Street in White Plains, but the company moved out more than six months ago, according to the building manager. A woman who works in the building tells News 12 that hasn't stopped people from coming by to look for their money. News 12's Samara Abramson will have more on the story this afternoon. 	null
FORECAST | Toasty Tuesday	Happy Tuesday! Although some kids are starting to go back to school, summer is by no means over! Temps are looking up the next couple of days. The upper level low that has been responsible for our scattered storms over the last few days will continue to move to the east. That's why some of you are still dealing with a few passing showers today. By Thursday, another storm system is expected to develop to our west and rain and thunderstorms will return. The weekend is looking great! Temps in the low 80s with partly cloudy skies. Just slim rain chances at this time. 	null
A 47-year-old man was fatally stabbed early Wednesday near the Union Pacific Railroad building in North Little Rock, police said. 	Officers were called shortly after 2 a.m. to the 1100 block of Pike Avenue, where they found Joseph Lee Venson suffering from at least one stab wound, according to a news release. Venson was taken to a nearby hospital, where he later died, the city's Police Department said. No suspects had been made as of Wednesday afternoon. An investigation is ongoing. 	null
F&M political poll results: High interest in midterm election 	Democratic voters in Pennsylvania are showing a greater interest in the midterm elections than their Republican counterparts, according to the latest Franklin & Marshall College political poll. Load Error And, both Gov. Tom Wolf and Democratic Sen. Bob Casey currently enjoy comfortable leads over their Republican challengers, the August poll found. Here are some of the poll results: More than half of Pennsylvania's registered voters are “very interested” in the 2018 mid-term elections. Democrats edge the number of Republicans and independents who say they are “very interested” in this election. Wolf currently leads Wagner by 17 percentage points although one in eight voters -- 12 percent of the electorate -- remain undecided. Wolf's "excellent" or "good" approval ratings remain around 46 percent, President Trump's "excellent" or "good" performance continues to hover around 38 percent. Casey holds a 9 percent edge over Republican challenger Lou Barletta. Casey also remains steady with a 41 percent "excellent" or "good" job performance rating. More than two/thirds of Democratic voters say they are going to the polls in November with the primary goal of voting against Trump and Congressional Republicans. Just under 75 percent of Republican voters say they are voting to show their support of Trump and the GOP. The survey interviewed 511 Pennsylvania registered voters -- 243 Democrats, 200 Republicans and 68 Independents. It was conducted by the Center for Opinion Research at Franklin & Marshall College from August 20-26, 2018. The sample error for this survey is +/- 6.1 percentage points. Read the entire survey and poll results here. AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from York Daily Record York-Adams results for games played Aug. 28-29 'It's a great day for the community': Volunteers help rejuvenate MLK park in York Ponch on patrol: Erik Estrada coming to the 2018 York Fair Visit site 	government
UPDATE - Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. Receives Significant Purchase Order from Manus VR	Custom Bend Sensor technology provides key differentiation for revolutionary Virtual Reality platform Custom Bend Sensor technology provides key differentiation for revolutionary Virtual Reality platform 	informationtechnology
The Latest: Meyer did not tell OSU about '09 allegations	Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - The Latest on Ohio State's investigation into coach Urban Meyer and his handling of domestic violence allegations against a former Buckeyes assistant coach (all times local): 9:40 p.m. Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith said Urban Meyer did not tell him about allegations of domestic abuse against Zach Smith in 2009 when the assistant coach was hired by the Buckeyes in 2012. Zach Smith was not charged in an incident involving his then-wife Courtney Smith and usual background checks did not reveal the incident, athletic director Gene Smith said. Meyer also said he did not know about text messages between Courtney Smith and his wife Shelley Meyer. Smith shared text messages and pictures with a reporter that showed she told Shelley Meyer about physical abuse by Zach Smith in 2015. 9:20 p.m. Ohio State's investigation into Urban Meyer handled domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach concluded the head coach and athletic director Gene Smith neither condoned nor covered up the alleged actions by Zach Smith. But, the investigation report summary said, Meyer and Smith failed to take sufficient management action relating to Zach Smith's misconduct and retained an Assistant Coach who was not performing as an appropriate role model for OSU student-athletes. "I want to apologize to Buckeye Nation," Meyer said. "I followed my heart and not my head." Meyer is suspended for the first three games of the season against Oregon State, Rutgers and No. 16 TCU. 9:06 p.m. Ohio State has suspended head football coach Urban Meyer for three games for failing to take sufficient management action relating to former assistant coach Zach Smith's misconduct. Ohio State announced the decision Wednesday night after an investigation into his handling of accusations of domestic violence made against Zach Smith, a longtime assistant coach. Smith was accused by his ex-wife, Courtney Smith of physical abuse. Zach Smith was fired last month after she asked a judge for a protective order. Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith was also suspended from Aug. 31-Spet. 16. 8:50 p.m. Ohio State has called a news conference for 8:50 p.m. with university president Michael V. Drake, athletic director Gene Smith, the head of the group that did the investigation of coach Urban Meyer, and Meyer himself. The school's board of trustees has been in executive session since 9 a.m. The board was meeting to consider whether Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach that were raised by the assistant coach's now ex-wife. 5:25 p.m. The Ohio State University athletic director has arrived at the campus building where trustees are meeting to determine the fate of football coach Urban Meyer. Gene Smith entered Longaberger Alumni House around 5 p.m., almost eight hours after trustees began closed-door deliberations. The board is meeting with university President Michael V. Drake to consider whether Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach that were raised by the assistant coach's now ex-wife. The assistant coach and his ex-wife have said both Gene Smith and Meyer's wife, Shelley Meyer, an instructor in Ohio State's nursing school, knew of a 2015 instance of alleged domestic violence. 3:05 p.m. The wife of Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer has arrived at the building where trustees are meeting to determine Meyer's fate. Shelley Meyer was seen walking into a back entrance of the campus building shortly before 3 p.m. Wednesday. Trustees have been meeting since just after 9 a.m. with university President Michael V. Drake to consider whether Urban Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach. Ohio State put Meyer under investigation after the assistant coach's wife, Courtney Smith, went public, giving a reporter text messages and pictures she traded with Shelley Meyer in 2015. 2:25 p.m. The Ohio State board of trustees has been in executive session, meeting behind closed doors, for more than five hours. They are meeting with university President Michael V. Drake to consider whether Buckeyes football coach Urban Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach. And if so, how? Meyer arrived at the building where the meeting is being held about an hour after it started and is still in the building. Some trustees emerged from the meeting room to take a break. Trustee and former Ohio State basketball star Clark Kellogg told gathered reporters progress was being made and Meyer was not in the room where trustees were discussing the investigation. An Ohio State spokesman told reporters there was no guarantee a resolution would be announced right after the meeting. 10:30 a.m. Ohio State coach Urban Meyer has arrived at Longaberger Alumni House on the school's campus, where the board of trustees and university president are meeting to discuss his future with the Buckeyes. A camera crew from Columbus television station WSYX tweeted out a photo of Meyer outside the service entrance of the building not long after the board went into a closed executive session. The board is considering whether Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against a former assistant coach. He has been on paid leave since Aug. 8. The Buckeyes opens their season Sept. 1. Meyer hasn't been allowed on campus during his leave, which also barred him from speaking with players, coaches and others associated with the football program. 9:20 a.m. Ohio State trustees have begun discussing the future of football coach Urban Meyer. Board Chairman Michael Gasser briefly called a meeting to order Wednesday before the board went behind closed doors to decide whether Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic-abuse allegations against a former assistant coach. The investigation centers on what Meyer knew and did about allegations of abuse against former wide receivers coach Zach Smith, who was fired July 23 after his ex-wife sought a protective order. A decision isn't expected Wednesday. No timetable has been given for final resolution of the saga that has overshadowed the team's preparation for its 2018 season, which begins Sept. 1. Ohio State President Michael V. Drake will have the final say on whether Meyer is fired or faces other consequences. 8:45 a.m. A large contingent of media gathered as the Ohio State board of trustees arrived for a meeting to discuss the future of football coach Urban Meyer. The 20-member board planned to meet in private Wednesday morning in Columbus to decide whether Meyer should be punished for his handling of domestic-abuse allegations against a former assistant coach. The investigation centers on what Meyer knew and did about allegations of abuse against former wide receivers coach Zach Smith, who was fired July 23 after his ex-wife sought a protective order. A decision isn't expected to be announced Wednesday. No timetable has been given for final resolution of the saga that has overshadowed the team's preparation for its 2018 season, which begins Sept. 1. Ohio State President Michael V. Drake will have the final say on whether Meyer is fired or faces other consequences.	sports
Database company wins millions in lawsuit against founder 	OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — A federal jury in Omaha has awarded Infogroup Inc. nearly $54 million in a lawsuit that accused its ousted founder of stealing confidential information. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	informationtechnology
Wakefield Design Center Accessories 	This is the place to find the special pieces, the personal touches and the decorative objects - including bookends - that make a home unique. At Dering Hall, we have taken the very best, the most unusual and beautiful bookends, accessories and home decorating ideas from the world’s leading home furnishing brands and sought-after interior designers, architects and artisans to enrich and simplify the design process. We offer a meticulously curated collection of custom, handmade, vintage, antique, rare and one-of-a-kind home accessories including mirrors, bookends wall art, pillows, baskets, screens, linens, trays, hardware and tabletop items. Designs range from classic and contemporary to mid-century and modern. Whether your home décor is urban and understated or decidedly decorative, you will enjoy shopping our exclusive and comprehensive selection of bookends, home accents and home accessories. We trust you will be inspired by the many decorating ideas that have been carefully chosen for your consideration. 	null
Shakespeare, Cooking: Upcoming Events On The Westborough Calendar 	It's Back to School time again . . . .Still looking for something musical for your child (or yourself) this fall? Stop by Karen Amlaw Music's final Fall Open House - Sunday - August 26th - and find out what we're all about. The Willows at Westborough will be holding open houses from 2 to 4 p.m. every Monday from July 23rd to September 17th. Stop and see what everyone is talking about! For more information, please call (508) 366-4730.	null
7 dead, dozens injured after Greyhound bus and truck collide in New Mexico	A horrific collision between a Greyhound bus and a semi-truck on an interstate in New Mexico killed at least seven passengers and sent dozens of others to area hospitals, authorities reported Thursday. Preliminary information indicated the semi was headed east when it blew a tire, sending the rig across the median and into oncoming traffic where it smashed into the bus, New Mexico State Police said. Television footage of the crash site on Interstate 40 near the Arizona border showed the front of the bus had crumpled after impact. The truck was on its side with debris scattered over the highway and a nearby median. The driver of the semi-truck sustained non-life-threatening injuries, state police said. Passing motorists described a chaotic scene with passengers on the ground and people screaming. Eric Huff was heading to the Grand Canyon with his girlfriend when they came across the crash. Huff said the semi’s trailer was upside down and “shredded to pieces,” and the front of the Greyhound bus was smashed, with many of the seats pressed together. Part of the side of the bus was torn off, he said. “It was an awe-inspiring terrible scene,” he said Truck driver Santos Soto III shot video showing the front of the Greyhound sheared off and the semi split open, with its contents strewn across the highway. He saw people sobbing on the side of the road as bystanders tried to comfort them. “I was really traumatized myself, because I’ve been driving about two years and I had never seen anything like that before,” Soto said. “I’m a pretty strong person and I broke down and cried for at least 30 minutes,” he added. Greyhound said the bus, which originated in St. Louis on Wednesday, had stopped in Albuquerque and was en route to Phoenix with 47 passengers. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities and will also complete an investigation of our own,” Greyhound spokeswoman Crystal Booker said in a statement. The crash occurred near the town of Thoreau. It forced the closure of the westbound lanes of the interstate and traffic was backing up as travelers were diverted. “It was chaos,” said Officer Ray Wilson, a New Mexico State Police spokesman, in a media briefing. “The officers did a great job of sifting through the wreckage and the rubble to get survivors out of the bus..." More than 33 patients have been transported to local area hospitals with injuries, some are said to be in critical condition, ABC News reported, quoting authorities. Christopher Jones said he got to the accident site just after the crash. "I saw the tractor trailer flipped upside down the driver of the tractor trailer was on the shoulder just sitting there. So I grabbed my medical kit and grabbed a bunch of my gloves and got out there and just started helping people and it was a pretty rough site," Jones told ABC News. Jones, who said he used to be a volunteer firefighter and EMT, described the scene as "one of the hardest" he's ever had to see. 	transportation
Blake Lively Brings Mom as Her Date to 2018 MTV Video Music Awards 	Blake Lively brought her mom Elaine Lively as her date to the 2018 MTV VMAs on Monday. The actress was without husband Ryan Reynolds on the award show red carpet at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, but she did pose for photos with her mom and what appeared to be a group of her family members. Lively, donning a white ensemble at the ceremony, also posed for solo pics on the red carpet before heading inside to the show. Lively stars as Emily Nelson in the upcoming thriller, directed by Paul Feig, whose BFF Stephanie Ward (Kendrick) starts a search for her after she goes missing. A Simple Favor hits theaters on Sept. 14. The 2018 MTV Video Music Awards airs live on Monday, Aug. 20 at 9:00 p.m. ET/PT.	entertainment
Purged NATO officer speaks out after escaping jail in Turkey 	BRUSSELS (AP) — In his sixth week of detention, Cafer Topkaya stopped counting the days in his prison diary, realizing he wouldn't be going home anytime soon. Like many caught up in the crackdown after the failed military coup in Turkey two years ago, the 42-year-old naval officer had believed he could simply prove his innocence in court. But after weeks of sleeping on the floor in his cell, without enough food and with no explanation of the charges he faced, Topkaya said he understood the cards were stacked against him. "After 39 days I lost my hope," he told The Associated Press in Brussels, where he rejoined his family this year after he managed to escape Turkey while on a conditional release from prison. It's rare for military officers accused of supporting the coup to speak in public. Topkaya said he, too, was afraid to speak out — he doesn't feel entirely safe even in Belgium — but was inspired by the courage of a young Swedish woman whose recent protest aboard a passenger plane stopped the deportation of an Afghan migrant. "Then I thought of the people in prison in Turkey. They can't meet with the press. They can't even meet with their lawyers. So they have no means to freely tell their stories, the things they endure," he said. "So I felt a responsibility to talk on behalf of them and to tell their story and my story." Topkaya was working as a Turkish officer at NATO in Brussels when news broke of the military uprising against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that killed 250 people in July 2016. Erdogan blamed the attempted coup on Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally living in exile in the United States, and swiftly cracked down on suspected supporters of Gulen's movement across Turkey. More than 130,000 people have since been purged from the public service. Over 77,000 have been arrested for alleged links to Gulen's network or Kurdish separatists, among them lawmakers, judges, prosecutors, military personnel, police and journalists. Arrests continue, and the courts are swamped. Topkaya, who says he supports neither Gulen nor Erdogan but the secular principles of modern Turkey's founding father, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, said he only fully learned about the allegations against him 11 months into his ordeal. The charge sheet said the father-of-three was accused of insulting Erdogan and government officials on Twitter. With a laugh, Topkaya noted that his supposed account was posting Tweets even when he was in jail without internet access. The charge sheet also noted that he had used the ByLock messaging app that authorities say coup plotters communicated with, and that he was working for NATO. While Turkey is a longtime alliance member and hundreds of Turkish nationals are posted at NATO headquarters, being seen as pro-NATO or pro-Western is an indictment these days, Topkaya said. If the charges seemed surreal to him, conditions in Sincan prison outside Ankara were all too real. Living with four men in a cell meant for three, Topkaya said he slept on the floor without heating in sub-zero temperatures that first winter. "I had four pairs of socks and it was like my feet were still in ice buckets. Once I cried from being cold," he said. When a U.N. monitoring team visited Sincan, inmates were given a second mattress, which Topkaya said felt "like sleeping in a Hilton suite." Asked about Topkaya's case, a senior Turkish official, speaking on condition of anonymity in line with government rules, said only: "We refuse to associate with Gulenists and do not find it necessary to respond to their claims." In a statement in December 2016 after visiting several Turkish prisons, U.N. envoy Nils Melzer said conditions were broadly "acceptable" though "significantly overcrowded." He noted inmate claims about "the freezing temperature" in one location, and "numerous allegations of torture and other ill-treatment." Human rights group Amnesty International has reported extensively on cases of abuse and torture linked to the coup. Some of the worst punishment was reserved for military personnel. Topkaya said he wasn't subjected to torture but spoke to prisoners who said they were. Turkey's government insists it has a policy of zero tolerance to torture and says perpetrators are brought to justice. This February, 16 months after Topkaya was lured to Ankara by commanders for an "urgent meeting" and detained, a judge granted him conditional release due to prosecution delays in substantiating its case, but he would have to report each week to police. His diplomatic passport had been confiscated, but he still had an old normal one that was valid for a few more months and decided to use it. He fled to Greece a few weeks later and by March was back in Belgium, where his wife and children have refugee status. "It was like coming to life again after death," he said. "For the first few days we couldn't talk much. We just looked at each other's face and laughed, and sometimes we cried." In Turkey, though, Topkaya was called a traitor by his own brother, who applied to change his family name, according to Turkish media. The brother, who was also in the navy, was relieved of his duties because of his family ties to Topkaya and was waging a legal battle to be re-instated, media reports said. "It's like a picture of what's happening in Turkey. Many families have been broken and split up like this," Topkaya said. "I still love him," he added. "I hope that like the rest of the nation he will one day wake from this dream and we will hug again."	government
Beverly Hills, 90210 Re-Traumatizes Val	What's worse than surviving childhood sexual abuse from a parent who goes on to kill himself? When the primetime soap you're on is running out of ideas in its ninth season and makes you keep reliving it over and over and over again. Now, Val wants to tell Abby about the last days of Mr. Malone's life, but her attempts to get Abby alone for this rather serious conversation are immediately foiled when it turns out that Abby's brought her new boyfriend Carl to town with her -- and, it turns out, has told him a whole bunch of bullshit about exactly how she became a widow. Val remains focused on bringing Abby her radical honesty, though why she bothers at this point is anyone's guess. Some old bag on the Wyatt Foundation board has decided she cares more about literacy than she does about poor kids getting vaccinated or whatever, and the Clinic Clinic is at risk of losing its funding. Kelly enlists Brandon to write a laudatory piece about the Clinic Clinic for the Beat, and the rest of their friends to put on a fundraiser. Brandon, naturally, refuses to respect Kelly's boundaries, though in his moderate defense, she plays mind games right back. Noah tries to nail down his father on the details of his IRS problems, failing to pick up on the 5000 hints his father drops about his state of mind and the things he'd like to settle while he still can, hmmmmm. And Sophie continues using Steve while pursuing David because yes, somehow, she's still here. We take you through it all in our podcast on "Budget Cuts"!	entertainment
DeKalb, Atlanta schools annexation fight spills into second court case	A deepening conflict between two neighboring school districts over the City of Atlanta’s expanding boundaries has spilled once again into a court case. DeKalb County School District and Atlanta Public Schools are battling over which school system should serve the 744 acres in DeKalb County that the Atlanta City Council approved annexing in December. The city’s annexation of the Emory University area included moving the property into the Atlanta school district. DeKalb schools have opposed that move in court, seeking to retain an area that officials said represents more than $2 million in school tax revenue and roughly 10 students. In June, DeKalb schools obtained an injunction that keeps the property in its district until further court action. Now, DeKalb schools wants to intervene in a different case that APS filed against the city over another Atlanta annexation, this one in Fulton County. In legal filings, DeKalb school attorneys contend that APS filed the Fulton County case in July as an “attempted end-run” around the injunction DeKalb won in the Emory annexation case. “APS seeks a broad advisory judicial ruling conferring upon it the power to legally compel the city to expand APS’ boundaries to include all past and future annexations,” DeKalb schools attorneys wrote in Aug. 13 court filings. The Atlanta City Council voted in December to annex property in the Fulton Industrial District into the city but leave it within Fulton County Schools instead of moving it into APS. That Fulton property is not currently taxable, and no students live there. APS sued the city over that annexation, arguing the Atlanta school district should expand alongside the new city boundaries. DeKalb schools have asked the court to let it intervene in the Fulton case, stating that the city and APS are aligned against DeKalb’s interests and that the outcome could affect the Emory case. “DCSD faces potential ruin if APS can legally mandate its expansion ever time the city annexes territory from unincorporated DeKalb County. That is why DCSD must become party to this case,” the district stated in court filings. A spokesman for APS declined to comment on a pending legal matter. A city spokesman did not respond to an email offering a chance to comment. In a written statement, DeKalb schools said its leaders “take seriously our responsibility to protect the resources provided for our students.” “The inclusion of APS in the annexation unnecessarily siphons millions of dollars per year, in perpetuity, that support the teaching and learning opportunities our students deserve. Our attempts to resolve this gross inequity through dialogue have gone unanswered, and DCSD will explore any and all paths to secure and protect the resources of our community,” the DeKalb statement said. According to court filings, the city and APS have agreed to an “expedited schedule” to resolve the Fulton annexation case. The city is expected to file its response to the case by the end of this week. 	education
Genetics and Pollution Drive Severity of Asthma Symptoms	Asthma patients, with a specific genetic profile, exhibit more intense symptoms following exposure to traffic pollution, according to researchers at the National Institutes of Health and collaborators. The study appeared online in Scientific Reports. The research team, made up of scientists from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), part of NIH, and Rice University, Houston, also found that asthma patients that lack this genetic profile do not have the same sensitivity to traffic pollution and do not experience worse asthma symptoms. The work brings scientists closer to being able to use precision medicine, an emerging field that intends to prevent and treat disease based on factors specific to an individual. Co-lead author Shepherd Schurman, M.D., associate medical director of the NIEHS Clinical Research Unit, stated the results are based on genetic variation, the subtle differences in DNA that make each person unique. He further added that to understand the concept, one should think of human genes, which are made up of DNA base pairs A, C, G, and T, as written instructions for making proteins. "All humans have the same genes, in other words the same basic instructions, but in some people one DNA base pair has been changed," Schurman said. "This common type of genetic variation is called a single nucleotide polymorphism or SNP, and it can alter the way proteins are made and make individuals more or less prone to illness." Schurman is also head of the Environmental Polymorphisms Registry (EPR), the DNA bank in North Carolina that provided volunteers for the study. The EPR studies how SNPs impact disease risk in combination with environmental exposures. Together with NIEHS colleague and lung disease expert Stavros Garantziotis, M.D., medical director of the NIEHS Clinical Research Unit, the two scientists examined four SNPs that are involved in a biochemical pathway that leads to inflammatory responses in the body. They explained that SNPs are usually studied one at a time, but they wanted to learn if different combinations of these SNPs, along with pollution exposure, could worsen symptoms in a person with an inflammatory disease like asthma. Schurman and Garantziotis gathered information about the SNPs, severity of asthma symptoms, and residential addresses of 2,704 EPR participants with asthma. Using the SNPs data, they divided the participants into three groups: hyper-responders, or those very sensitive to air pollution and likely to develop inflammation; hypo-responders, or those insensitive to air pollution and less likely to develop inflammation; and those in between. With the help of collaborators at Rice University, the team used the participants’ addresses to calculate their distance from a major road. Participants were categorized depending on whether they lived more or less than 275 yards from a major roadway. Data suggest that air pollution levels are elevated closer to major roads. The researchers found that asthma sufferers who were hyper-responders and lived closer to heavily travelled roads had the worst asthma symptoms, such as difficulty breathing, chest pain, cough, and wheezing, compared to the other groups. In contrast, asthma patients who were hypo-responders and lived further away from busy roads had milder symptoms. Garantziotis concluded the work could greatly enhance the quality of life for people with asthma. "Based on this research, we could propose that hyper-responders, who are exposed to traffic pollution, receive air purification intervention, such as HEPA filters, for their home," Garantziotis said. NIEHS Clinical Director Janet Hall, M.D., said the results emphasize the importance of gene-environment interactions in the progression of disease. "This research is a great example of how we can approach disease prevention on a personal level, and tailor our treatments to suit individual patients," she said. "That way we can be more efficient with our treatments and preventative measures, while at the same time cutting health care costs." About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation’s medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit www.nih.gov.	healthcare&biotechnology
Southern Nash dominates Bunn, 55-14	Southern Nash dominated Bunn, 55-14, on the Wildcats' home turf Thursday night to improve to 3-0 on the season. Bunn scored first when Quentin Perry powered in from one yard out to give the Wildcats the lead, but the Firebirds' Quinton Cooley went 70 yards on the next play from scrimmage to give his team a 7-6 lead. That was the last lead Bunn would hold in the game. Southern Nash’s next possession ended with NC State commit Zonovan Knight scoring on a 49-yard run to increase the lead to 14-6. Cooley found the end zone again late in the second quarter with a 54-yard run where he outran the Bunn defense. Southern Nash added to its lead with another touchdown right before halftime to go up 28-6. The Firebirds kept attacking on the ground with four more scores in the second half to take down Bunn. Southern Nash will host West Johnston next Friday night. Bunn has a bye next week but will travel to J.F. Webb on September 14th.	sports
Adaptation of Nick Hornby’s ‘Juliet, Naked’ hits mostly right notes | Movie review	Runtime: 1 hour, 38 minutes. Stars (of four): ★★½ The setup is so good — and the one-liners so punchy — that it’s hard to be too disappointed that the love story at the heart of “Juliet, Naked” is rather pedestrian. Adapted from the 2009 Nick Hornby novel of the same name, “Juliet, Naked” ultimately is about two people finding a connection in the middle of their lives. Both Rose Byrne’s Annie and Ethan Hawke’s Tucker are frustrated by what may have been a number of years wasted on the wrong people — and on the wrong priorities. It’s the dressings around this romantic dramedy that make it so fun. As the story begins, Annie is living in England with Duncan (Chris O’Dowd), a college professor who spends his free time obsessing over Tucker Crowe, an American singer-songwriter who, years ago and at the height of his relative fame, quit a show halfway through it and hasn’t been heard from since. We are introduced to Duncan in the film’s opening moments as he records a video for his YouTube channel devoted to Tucker, complaining that the album that means so much to him, “Juliet,” was ranked only 43 on Rolling Stone’s list of heartbreak albums. That’s a “joke,” he insists with real indignation. Duncan also oversees and writes for an online forum focused on Tucker, much of its attention showered on “Juliet.” How key is Duncan’s love of Tucker to his identity? When Annie’s lesbian sister, Ros (Lily Brazier), brings a girl to dinner, Duncan takes her into his Tucker shrine — a room plastered with articles about and photos of the artist — to expose her to the genius of “Juliet.” “Wow, he’s so gorgeous,” the woman says, looking at Tucker. “Thank you,” Duncan responds sincerely. Meanwhile, Annie tells us through a bit of narration, that while she seems like a perfectly sensible English lady, that is “a thin veneer, and it’s starting to crack.” It’s obvious early on in “Juliet, Naked” that Annie finally has figured out she really wants children, despite she and Duncan agreeing earlier in their relationship that neither did. One day when Annie is alone in the house, a package arrives for Duncan, and she opens it — he has a habit of letting mail pile up if she doesn’t intervene, we learn. It’s a soon-to-be-released demo of “Juliet,” the titular “Juliet, Naked,” and an executive at the record company figured Duncan would enjoy giving it an early spin. Instead, she puts it into her laptop and listens to it in bed. Duncan arrives home to find a smoky kitchen — Annie had forgotten she’d started cooking something before seemingly losing herself in “Juliet, Naked” — and soon discovers what was going on in the bedroom. That she would listen to this album before him — and without even telling him about it — devastates him. “It stinks of betrayal!” he says of the bedroom, leaving it with the disc. Although Annie feels badly about what she has done, she nonetheless writes a review of the demo on Duncan’s forum, a take that is in stark contrast to his glowing review. When Annie tells Duncan she is the author of the post, he looks appalled, and she asks him if he’ll ban her from the site. “Everyone is entitled to their opinion,” he says, “however unnuanced.” However, her review is seen by — and strikes a chord with — the almost mythical Tucker, who, in truth, spends his days living rent-free in the garage of one of his former girlfriends, one of several women with whom he has had a child. While he wasn’t involved in the lives of his other kids, Tucker is determined to do better with 6-year-old son Jackson. But when the two aren’t hanging out in Tucker’s man cave, he has time to search the web and stumble upon things such as Annie’s review. After reaching out via email to tell her he thinks her opinion of the demo is dead-on — she doesn’t see how this early, basic version of the work can be seen as better than the slaved-over final product — the two strike up an online relationship of sorts, unbeknown to Duncan. From there, “Juliet, Naked” goes in largely enjoyable but also rather predictable directions. Annie and Tucker meet, and, eventually, a dinner is shared among them, Jackson and Duncan. If you’re an intense music fan, you can imagine how it would feel to be Duncan; not only is your idol moving on a woman with whom you’ve spent years — not that Duncan hasn’t done things to endanger what he’s had with Annie — but you also find that he may not exactly share your opinions of him and his work. As with 2000s “High Fidelity,” another adaptation of a Hornby novel — Hornby also once was a music critic for The New Yorker — music is an important background element of the story but it isn’t THE story. That’s where Hawke (“Boyhood,” “Training Day”) and Byrne (“Bridesmaids,” “Spy”) earn their keep, making the time shared with between Tucker and Annie something a bit more than it might have been in the script from Evgenia Peretz and Jim Taylor & Tamara Jenkins. (The film is ably directed by Jesse Peretz, brother of Evgenia. The pair previously collaborated on 2011’s “Our Idiot Brother.”) Hawke is very good in “Juliet, Naked.” The scruffy and vaguely schlubby Tucker feels like a one-time rock star, even if Hawke’s vocals — he performs in the film and on a number of songs on the movie’s soundtrack — are only so convincing. Meanwhile, O’Dowd (“The Incredible Jessica James,” “Molly’s Game”) is delightful, as usual, earning laugh after laugh. The Irish actor is a big reason why the first third of “Juliet, Naked” is its best stretch. As the story gets more real, unfortunately, the movie gets less clever. Still, there’s plenty to like about “Juliet, Naked,” especially if you’ve ever worshipped a rock act or an album. In theaters: Aug. 31. Rated: R for language. Runtime: 1 hour, 38 minutes. Stars (of four): 2.5.	entertainment
Great Lakes Cruises Being Explored	Ever think of taking a cruise on the Great Lakes? A consortium of states, provinces, and ports has formed what they’re calling  “Cruise the Great Lakes,” an initiative aimed at growing the cruising industry. Co-chair Dave Lorenz tells Michigan News Network we’ve typically had industry and boaters on the waters. “For many years, there has been a small contingent of smaller ship operators that have been somewhat exploring the Great Lakes as a potential good site for cruising,” Lorenz said. Lorenz says there are currently eight ships operating now. Lorenz, who also heads up Travel Michigan, tells us they’re hoping for more to head to ports in St. Joseph, Sault Ste. Marie, Muskegon, Mackinac Island, and Detroit.	transportation
Urban Meyer's fate will be debated by Ohio State Board of Trustees on Wednesday	COLUMBUS, Ohio – When Buckeyes fan Tom DeLisio heard about Ohio State coach Urban Meyer being placed on administrative leave on Aug. 1, he made a friendly bet with a friend that Meyer would be fired. Today, he regrets that wager. Now he’s among many fans in the community or on campus who believe Meyer will remain as the school’s head coach. “The general take is that it will be a slap on the wrist,” Delisio, 38, an Ohio State graduate, told USA TODAY Sports. “Few people expect him to be let go.” The school’s 20-person Board of Trustees met at 9 a.m. Wednesday to discuss a report filed by independent investigators about how much Meyer knew, and when he learned, that former Ohio State assistant coach Zach Smith has been accused of domestic abuse in 2015. WHAT WE KNOW: The latest on Ohio State's investigation of Meyer LANGUAGE: How Meyer's contact could influence his Ohio State future The Columbus Dispatch, citing two anonymous sources, said the likely recommendation would be a suspension. “Initially, given the environment we have today, I thought he would be gone quickly,” DeLisio said. “Domestic abuse is a sensitive issue. But the more I dug into it, the more my (opinion) changed.” Smith, never charged by police, was fired by the Buckeyes in July. “Everyone I ask is optimistic, and I’m optimistic (Meyer will be back),” said Eric Staib, an Ohio State sophomore. “Obviously, there is information that I don’t know, but from what I’ve seen and been told, it seems like he did the right thing. It’s obviously something that should not have happened. But I think he is telling the truth.”	government
20 Facts You Learned in School That Are No Longer True 	Women suspected of being witches were not burned at the stake There are actually four states of matter We either have eight or 13 planets in our solar system We don't really know all the planets in our solar system A toilet doesn't flush the opposite way in the Southern hemisphere Neanderthals may have been as smart as humans 11/20 SLIDES © SeanidStudio/Shutterstock There isn't such a thing as being left-brained or right-brained 12/20 SLIDES © Crazy Kung/Shutterstock Your blood isn't blue when its oxygen is depleted 13/20 SLIDES © Vinnikava Viktoryia/Shutterstock Napoleon Bonaparte wasn't that short 14/20 SLIDES © Andrey_Popov/Shutterstock You have more than five senses 15/20 SLIDES © Trum Ronnarong/Shutterstock Your tongue doesn't have a taste map 16/20 SLIDES © devonx/Shutterstock A swallowed piece of gum doesn't take seven years to digest 17/20 SLIDES © Claudia Pylinskaya/Shutterstock Hair and fingernails don't continue to grow after a person dies 18/20 SLIDES © Sergey Nivens/Shutterstock Columbus didn't discover the Americas 19/20 SLIDES © David Crockett/Shutterstock Columbus didn't prove the Earth was round 20/20 SLIDES © Doidam 10/Shutterstock We use way more than 10 percent of our brains 20/20 SLIDES SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 1/20 SLIDES Next Slide AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from Reader's Digest The 15 Best Halloween Costumes for Disney Superfans 21 Movies That Have Hilarious Titles in Other Countries 15 Vintage Halloween Costumes That Could Still Be Worn Today Visit site 	evergreen
The Future Of Agency Models	In recent years there’s been a lot of talk in advertising about the “death of the agency model.” I think we can all agree that it’s not that agencies are going away, but that they’re evolving. In order to succeed, what does the future of agency models actually look like? The standard model has always been hierarchical. This was the way of the corporation in the mid-1900s, and advertising followed suit (and suits). And when our industry moved to a largely fee-based economy, the hierarchy had even more value because the more levels you have, the more levels you can bill out. It was a dream system -- until it wasn’t. In the hierarchical system of yesteryear, the approval process for work takes longer. Inevitably, you have too many layers second-guessing what clients like, what consumers want, with a million voices diluting the work while spending the client’s money. And the more senior people in a business, the fewer creators there are. The funny thing about hierarchy is that it implies that the better and more seasoned we get, the less we have to actually do, and the more time we spend directing others. In fact, in many agencies today, there are whole levels of people whose job is to essentially sit around and wait to approve or disapprove someone else’s work. This system has clearly missed the point. Clients are onto it and they are, rightfully, demanding core teams with fewer people. They’re questioning why they would pay for large teams when they don’t know what half the members are doing. Many clients are bringing the work in-house, hiring influencers or setting up their own creative studio so they can monitor how money is being spent. The problem is that they are using the same structure as their previous external agency partners. As agencies scramble to keep clients satisfied and still make money, they end up trimming their staff by relying on the gig economy. The problem with this model is that many are firing the creators and keeping senior relationship managers, who are merely overseers. This is a big mistake. Clients come to our industry for the deep and distinct creative thinking as well as the ideas, thus the creators and doers are essential. Agencies that will outlast this dynamic market shift need to start looking at every employee as a thinker and a doer -- a creator who is part inventive problem-solver and part imaginative-maker. One solution to eliminate waste and flatten the organization is to restructure into a multi-discipline pod system. This is something our agency does. We took our cues from how we operated during our process of new business. We realized we are often at our best when we are forced to be fast and furious, and when we can’t stop the train to overthink the engine. That’s when we work with a tight team and collaborate best -- not to mention when clients buy us -- and that’s why we modeled our pod system off of it. The idea is to have four pod leaders who are all creators and to whom the client is given full and equal access. Gone are the days of “gatekeeping” account management. In this new design, everyone has a role to play in driving the business and are equally accountable to all parts of it. They are responsible to each other and to their client with collaboration and efficiency at the core. The pod structure looks like this: 1. Business/Consumer Strategy Lead: This role is responsible for knowing“what is being asked of the business and why it's right/current/important/etc. for the marketplace. That means this person needs to have a deep understanding of the business, client operations, competitive environment and anything that will answer the why. 2. Planning Lead: This person maps out the way we will accomplish the client’s business objectives. Using consumer insights, cultural trends and deep analytics, the planner is the driver of defining the strategic pathway. 3. Creative Lead: This team member delivers the wow. It's fairly self-explanatory, but working with their co-leads, the creative lead drives the vision for bringing the "way" to life with "wow" ideas and tactics. Pods keep clients at the center. They return everyone back to being a creator and no one is waiting around to check work. This is just one example. Other agencies are evaluating similar structures that are flatter, more efficient and ultimately create more output with fewer, more engaged people. Once your new structure is in place, the next obstacle becomes retaining good talent. Many companies have made advertising a "bad" place to work, and talent is leaving to go into tech and other industries. It's critical to create a work environment that people want to be a part of and enjoy. Beyond free lunches and yoga rooms, employers should be thinking about more impactful ways to make the talent feel involved in the business and the decision-making process -- for example, employee-owned business models, full-time remote workers and unlimited vacation time. The fewer boundaries there are, the easier it is to ensure you’re able to attract and retain the best talent from around the world. Three Must-Dos Whether you decide to use pods or not, there are three things you must do when restructuring an agency for the future: 1. Find and eliminate waste. 2. Flatten the organization. 3. Create an environment people want to be part of -- have fun! Agencies must change to continue to be competitive and profitable. Clients are getting fed up with hand-holding and want forward motion from the industry. If they don’t get high-quality creative output, and lots of it, they’re willing to do it themselves. If you’re staffed to hold hands, it’s impossible to make a profit. And if your agency isn’t staffed to help your client’s business grow through creativity, you won't be able to bring value. Forbes Agency Council is an invitation-only community for executives in successful public relations, media strategy, creative and advertising agencies. Do I qualify? 	null
Black bear hit by arrow mauls hunter before dying, reports say	A black bear struck by an arrow recently mauled a Southern California hunter who approached the wounded animal to get a closer look, a report said. The San Francisco Chronicle reported this week that the unidentified hunter suffered serious injuries during the mauling Aug. 24 in the San Bernardino Mountains. He was hospitalized. The Los Angeles Times reported that the hunter suffered injuries to his upper torso and face. The hunter was joined by two others at the time and reportedly believed the bear was dead when he approached the 300-pound animal. The bear later died, but the hunter’s condition was not immediately known. Bow-and-arrow hunting in Southern California is legal from now until early September or until 1,700 bears are killed. An animal expert told the Times that black bear attacks are extremely rare. “It’s something that we learn at the very beginning of hunter education: After you shoot an animal and approach it, you need to be very careful,” Patrick Foy, a California Department of Fish and Wildlife captain, told the paper. “They teach you to be prepared with a follow-up shot in case the animal runs or is suffering needlessly.” Edmund DeMarche is a news editor for FoxNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @EDeMarche.	null
Secret Service Pays Tribute to John McCain with His Code Name: 'Phoenix - May you Rest In Peace'	John McCain‘s most enduring nickname is “Maverick,” but the United States Secret Service will always remember the senator as “Phoenix,” his old code name from when he was the 2008 presidential nominee. The agency lowered its shades and sent out a heartfelt tweet on Monday to pay tribute to the late GOP senator, who died on Saturday at the age of 81 after a battle with brain cancer. “It was an honor to protect @SenJohnMcCain during his candidacy for President. Phoenix – May you Rest In Peace,” the agency said from its official Twitter account. McCain died on Saturday shortly after announcing that he had discontinued treatments for his brain cancer. He will be buried on Sunday at the U.S. Naval Academy Cemetery in Annapolis, Maryland. It was an honor to protect @SenJohnMcCain during his candidacy for President. Phoenix – May you Rest In Peace. pic.twitter.com/gMKJOUmqV4 Among his remarks, Flake said of McCain, “He recognized democracy was hard but living in bondage to tyranny was far harder. Our words are too often cheap and imminently forgettable but John McCain paid our freight with his body and with his soul.” As politicians and leaders paid tribute to McCain, President Donald Trump came under fire for lowering and then raising the White House flags, and releasing a simple tweet instead of a statement. After public pressure, Trump said in a statement on Monday that the flag would return to half-staff and announced that Vice President Mike Pence will speak at McCain’s funeral. RELATED: John McCain Writes About ‘Tearing Down Walls’ in Final Letter — Is It a Dig at Donald Trump? “Despite our differences on policy and politics, I respect Senator John McCain’s service to our country and, in his honor, have signed a proclamation to fly the flag of the United States at half-staff until the day of his interment,” Trump said.	government
Why Email is the Key to Aligning Sales and Marketing	Sales and marketing teams sometimes go head to head. However, sales and marketing alignment helps companies become 67% better at closing sales, generating 209% more revenue in the process, according to a study by App Data Room and Marketo. Even so, only 8% of companies have strong alignment, according to Forrester. For companies that struggle with sales and marketing alignment, the worry is not only the rewards they’re missing out on but the damage that the fracture between teams can cause. Research from Aberdeen Group shows that poor alignment results in a 4% revenue decline, while a study from IDC revealed that an inability to align sales and marketing teams around the right processes and technologies costs 10% or more revenue per year. As you can see from the graphic below, smooth alignment allows for optimal orchestration of sales and marketing hand-over and faster sales cycles. But there are often physical, functional, and cultural differences at hand with poor alignment. Teams work separately, with differing goals and objectives, and with little regard for how the other goes about their business. This leads to unqualified leads traveling from marketing to sales and causes sales reps to ignore 50% of marketing leads and waste half of their time on unproductive prospecting. Fixing the issues, however, isn’t nearly as difficult as it seems. All that’s really required is to bring teams closer together and improve lead qualification. Enter email marketing. Defining your ideal customer persona is the start of any communication or sales. It needs to be well defined and agreed upon by your entire organization. If you’re a small team or a startup, it’s also worth sitting together with sales to understand which customer personas they consider “low hanging fruit.” If you don’t build your email strategy with a clear customer persona in mind, you risk sending out generic messages leads to marketing handing over dead-end leads to sales, rather than focusing on highly targeted messages to a qualified group. It’s essential that marketing sends out the right content, to the right people, at the right time. Once you’ve all agreed on your customer personas, you can begin to use email automation to create a process that nurtures leads continuously until they are sales-ready, and useful tools such as lead scoring and will allow you to identify when the timing is right for sales to contact them. You can do this in six steps, combining email automation with a lead scoring and website tracking solution. Create helpful content interesting for your target customers such as ‘How to’ articles, infographics, hints and tips, and videos. Include email sign-up forms on any page that features this content with call-to-action offers for exclusive email content (ebooks, white papers, etc.). Work on customer loyalty drips with after-sales service emails and upsell/cross-sell offers. These six steps take you smoothly from the marketing end to the sales end of the sales funnel. At every step, people will drop away, leaving only prospects with buying intent. The challenge now is to correctly qualify leads to maximize the chances of making a sale. Segment your email lists for better lead qualification Not every lead becomes a customer, so you need to work out who to spend the most time on. Do this by segmenting your email lists so that prospects are sent more relevant information. There are many different ways to segment email lists, but where qualification within the six-step process is concerned you should focus on: Finding out which subscribers fit your customer profiles (demographics, location, company size, etc.) will help you speak directly to their pain points. How subscribers have interacted with your past emails is a good indicator of interest. Subscribers that haven’t opened or clicked on links within emails should be separated from subscribers that have visited pages that showing buying intent such as pricing and demo pages. What your leads read on your blog, the products and services they look at unveils in a natural way to what target segment they belong. Using a real-time lead segmentation solution you can build smart segments using automation. Segmenting your email lists to better reach your targeted audience is shown to increase revenues by as much as 760%, which is proof, if ever you needed it, that segmentation helps to qualify leads. The next, and final step, to stronger alignment, is to use the results of your segmented email campaigns to give sales reps the hottest leads. Segmentation puts your email campaigns directly in touch with your target audience: those most likely to buy based on their interest and actions. Open rates and click-throughs are then an interesting metric to understand who’s engaging with your campaigns and showing you campaign success. What is essential at this stage of the process, is to be able to filter out the right leads for sales—and these metrics may just not be enough. For a full lead qualification, you will need information about broader activity, timing, lead and company insights. If not, your sales team will complain about poor lead quality, even if they are good! Website tracking provides the sales team with real-time insights into the buyers’ true intent. What are their concerns? Which products or services on your website do they consider viable solutions? For instance: Are they reading a blog post about a specific expertise you have? Are they revisiting a specific product or service? Have they downloaded a form or guide? Have they had a look at your pricing page? If you combine lead engagement tracking (website, forms, email and more) with a lead scoring mechanism or integration, your team will be able to quantify that interest and provide your sales team with a reliable metric on the urgency a lead should be engaged. If you can provide your sales team with information on what’s behind the score (what exactly are leads doing), you help them save time on lead qualification. And that’s when you start to use reporting and analytics to enhance your sales and marketing alignment concretely. Aligned sales and marketing teams are better for business, and email marketing is key to making it work. Use website tracking alongside email automation to involve sales reps in the marketing process, allow marketing leads to transition seamlessly into sales leads, and gather the data needed to improve email content for better long-term lead qualification. Send better email campaigns Subscribe to our email course to learn how to create and send high-performing email campaigns that drive results for your business. GET THE FREE EMAIL COURSE About the Author Philip Schweizer Philip Schweizer is Co-founder and CEO at SalesWings, a lead website tracking and lead scoring add-on for digital marketers. He’s an expert in the design, selection and implementation of modern sales and marketing processes and how to support them using the latest technologies. This blog provides general information and discussion about email marketing and related subjects. The content provided in this blog ("Content”), should not be construed as and is not intended to constitute financial, legal or tax advice. You should seek the advice of professionals prior to acting upon any information contained in the Content. All Content is provided strictly “as is” and we make no warranty or representation of any kind regarding the Content. Get 50 awesome content ideas for your email newsletter. From Australia to Zimbabwe, and everywhere in between, companies count on Campaign Monitor for email campaigns that boost the bottom line. 	evergreen
John Dean of Nixon fame to testify at Kavanaugh hearing 	WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate Judiciary Committee has added former Solicitor General Theodore Olson and former White House counsel John Dean to the list of witnesses who will testify next week in the confirmation hearings for Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the Supreme Court. Tulsa World journalism makes a difference. Be part of the story. Join us. Start a digital subscription for only 99¢. Olson served as solicitor general in the George W. Bush administration. He's considered a Republican legal star, but some Democrats remember him as the lawyer who helped stop Al Gore's recount. Dean ultimately cooperated with prosecutors and helped bring down the Nixon presidency, though he served a prison term for obstruction of justice. He has been a harsh critic of President Donald Trump and is listed as a Democratic witness. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio and attorney Lisa Blatt will introduce Kavanaugh.	government
Hulkenberg changing his mind about F1 halo after crash	MONZA, Italy (AP) — Nico Hulkenberg is saying hello to the halo. Hulkenberg has often dismissed the protective device on F1 cars, which was introduced this season, with the Renault driver saying last year that it looked stupid and wasn't necessary. However, the halo's benefit appeared plain to see at the Belgian Grand Prix last weekend when Fernando Alonso's McLaren spiraled into the air and bounced on top of Charles Leclerc's Sauber during a dramatic first-lap crash. "I think . whilst I am still not a big fan of halo and the device, I have to see the facts and admit that it does bring something to Formula One, especially the safety that we appreciate in the car," Hulkenberg said at a news conference on Thursday, ahead of the Italian GP. "Yeah, divided, mixed feelings about it still but it's not down to me anyway," he said. "It is what it is." Motorsport governing body FIA made the head protective device mandatory in F1 this year in order to protect drivers from potentially fatal impacts such as loose tires barreling at high speed, other flying debris and — in the case at Spa — one car landing on another. The halo forms a semi-circular barrier around the driver's helmet in the front half of the cockpit, protecting the head without completely closing the cockpit. When first tested ahead of 2016, drivers were split as to whether they liked it with some criticizing the halo on aesthetic grounds. "Looking back at the images we can't know what will have happened without it (the halo) but obviously I was quite happy to have it over my head," Leclerc said. "And as Nico said, I think it deserves to be in Formula One now, whether it looks good or bad, I don't think that matters anymore." Alonso was sent airborne when Hulkenberg ploughed into the back of his car, but no one was harmed, with the device surrounding Leclerc's cockpit appearing to save him from a serious head injury. "I think it's proven pretty useful and a good device," Hulkenberg said. "Obviously we can only speculate what would have happened without it but it looked pretty clear from the point that the tire marks were obviously all over the halo and from that point of view it's done a very good job, to keep the head safe." The FIA has been looking at ways to improve cockpit protection and limit the risk of head injuries after French F1 driver Jules Bianchi — who was a close friend of Leclerc's — died in July 2015 and British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson died a month later. Bianchi died at the age of 25, several months after massive head injuries sustained at the Japanese GP in October 2014. Bianchi's accident at Suzuka occurred at the end of the race in rainy, gloomy conditions when his Marussia team car slid off the track and ploughed into a crane picking up the Sauber of German driver Adrian Sutil, who had crashed at the same spot one lap earlier. "Speaking for Jules, it wouldn't have helped anything ... it was just a shock and the shock was too big," LeClerc said. "If it helped or not at Spa I have no idea but in some circumstances it can help so I think it's a good thing to have."	null
The Power of "Avinu Malkeinu"	I ate with a group of newly religious Jews one Rosh Hashanah, and during the course of the discussion a young professionalHe struggled to keep up with the congregation confessed that he struggled to keep up with the congregation during the services as his Hebrew wasn’t yet strong enough. To save time, he skipped the introductory phrase in each line of the pivotal Avinu Malkeinu prayer. Each line of the emotionally charged prayer (said during the High Holidays, the Ten Days of Repentance, and on most fast days) begins with “Avinu Malkeinu…” - “Our Father, Our King…” and is followed by a request for the coming year: healing, sustenance, peace, and everything that we need as individuals and as a people. This young man had recited only the requests. Later, however, he realized that the most significant part of the prayer is not the changing requests, but the repetition of “Avinu Malkeinu” itself. Avinu Malkeinu perfectly encapsulates our relationship with G‑d: If we relate to Him as a father, we may assume that our sins are easily forgiven, which might lead to laxity in fulfilling His commands. But if we view G‑d solely as an all-powerful king, we may not understand that He is interested and invested in our welfare on a personal level. Our relationship with G‑d is uniquely two-fold: we are his children, yet we are also his subjects. He loves us the way a father loves his children and forgives their transgressions. At the same time, like all monarchs, He sets rules for us that are meant to harness our energies for the greater goal of His kingdom. There is another, deeper, meaning to the phrase “Our Father, our King.” Parents want the very best for their children, but they, like all earthly beings, are limited in their ability to resolve every challenge. The king, on the other hand, is all-knowing and all-powerful. He can resolve any difficulty. But unless we are directly connected to him, he doesn’t necessarily want to help us. Since G‑d is both our Father and our King, however, He definitely wants to help us and is also able to resolve every issue we face. All parents knows how frustrating it is toRain is a heavenly gift watch a child grapple with issues that we cannot resolve. When our children are small, we can fix most of their problems, but as they grow older they face challenges that may be beyond our abilities. It is at this stage that our children begin to learn that they can no longer rely solely on us and they start to turn directly to their heavenly Father and King. Rain is a heavenly gift that only G‑d can provide. Rabbi Akiva’s simple but unique prayer formula took into consideration that G‑d is both our Father who always wants to help us, and the all-powerful King who is able to grant us any request. Because he acknowledged this dual relationship, his prayer was answered and the drought ceased. During the High Holiday season, let’s keep in mind that G‑d has both the desire and wherewithal to help us. All we need to do is ask. 	null
LCCC Dental Health Advisory Committee holds bi-annual meeting	The dental health advisory committee from the Mary Gill Carrozza, R.N. School of Nursing and Health Sciences at the Francis S. and Mary Gill Carrozza, R.N. Health Sciences Center at Luzerne County Community College recently held its bi-annual meeting at the College’s Educational Conference Center. The purpose of the advisory committee is to provide a link between LCCC’s dental health department and the local dental community. Committee members provide information and suggestions to assist the LCCC dental health department with meeting the needs of the community. From left, first row, are Janelle Hinds, Scranton; Cassandra Mebus, Springville; Barbara Montante, Wilkes-Barre, professor, dental hygiene, LCCC; Evan Barsh, Luzerne; Diane Kelchner, Sugarloaf; Julie Cleary, Macungie, professor, dental hygiene, LCCC; and Melissa Lukavitch, Hunlock Creek. Second row, Jessica Thomas, Tamaqua; Kylee Quoos, Nanticoke; Jeannette Costa, Elysburg; Morgan Okonski, Dunmore; Shawna Vanwhy, Throop; Erin Brattm, Palmyra; and Cheryl Rogers, Hazleton, adjunct faculty, dental health, LCCC. Third row, Rachel Coffee, Harveys Lake, director, dental health, LCCC; Dr. Deborah Vilegi Payne, Mountain Top, dean, nursing and health sciences, LCCC; Lois Gross, Trucksville, adjunct faculty, dental health, LCCC; Dr. Laura Holena, Laflin, dentist, Casey Dental; Maureen Savner, Mountain Top, professor and coordinator, dental hygiene, LCCC; Ciara Smith, Dupont; Rheanna Shingara, Coal Township; and Kennedy Smith, Sunbury.	healthcare&biotechnology
Dyson plans test track for electric cars at Wiltshire airfield base 	The track and other facilities at Hullavington are part of the company’s plan to start selling electric vehicles from 2021. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	automotiveindustry
Spinal Devices Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2026	Valley Cottage, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 08/30/2018 -- Spinal devices are used in spinal cord injury in order to regain the loss of body sensation such as mobility or feeling. The spinal cord injury is different from back injuries and patient suffers from major disorders such as ruptured disks, spinal stenosis or pinched nerves. The global market of spinal devices is expected to grow steadily due to increase in aging among population, incidences of spinal diseases and advances in technology. The global spinal devices market is anticipated to be driven by product innovations, pipeline methodologies, FDA approvals and growing number of spinal surgeries. According to the Society of Neurointerventional Surgery, neurointervention is an approach for treatment that occurs within the vessels of brain or with the spinal cavity. It is gaining high traction among neuro-specialist due to minimal invasive technique and higher success rate ratio as compared to the conventional clipping method. In October 2016, the U.S. Food & Drug Administration approved the pedicle screw spinal system in order to provide immobilization and stabilization of spinal segments in thoracic, lumbar, and sacral spine as an adjunct fusion in treatment of degenerative disc diseases and spondylolisthesis. Few surgeries, such as minimally invasive spine surgery aims to stabilize the vertebral bones and spinal joints which relieve pressure applied to spinal nerves. The surgery induces the placement of instrument, such as rods and screws to stabilize the spine. Various techniques have been deployed for MIS surgery such as discetomy, spinal decompression, MIS (Minimally Invasive Surgery) TLIF (Transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion) which uses tubular retractor, portals to implant the devices, rods, screws in order to stabilize the spinal cord and improve the mobility. A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2236 Spinal Device Market: Drivers and Restraints The global market for spinal device is expected to be driven by the advancement in technology and increase in number of spinal surgery, aging among population, etc. According to the National Spinal Cord Injury Association Resource Center, around 250,000 - 400,000 individuals were living with Spinal Cord Injury or Spinal Dysfunction, out of which 82% were males and remaining 18% were females. The causes of spinal cord injury were motor vehicle accidents (44%), act of violence (24%), sudden falls (22%), sports (8%) and others (2%). Moreover, increased use of spinal devices in elderly patients and arthritis patients are some factors anticipated to fuel growth of the global spinal device market within the forecast period of 2016-2026. However, therapeutics and ongoing drug researches to overcome the pain of surgery could pose a threat for the growth of the global spinal device market during the forecast period. Spinal Device Market: Segmentation The global spinal device market is classified on the basis of device type, end user and geography. Based on device type, the global spinal device market is segmented into the following: Increase in the production number of spinal implants, spinal surgery and ongoing researches on improving quality of care for continence is expected to create an attractive growth opportunity for the global spinal device market through 2026. According to the National Spinal Cord Injury Association Resource Center, 32 spinal injuries per Mn population or 7800 injuries occur in the U.S. each year. The hospitals end user segment is expected to hold the highest market share in global market for spinal devices during 2016-2026. Spinal Device Market: Regional Overview Region wise, the global spinal device market is classified into regions namely, North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan, Middle East & Africa. North America dominated the global market for spinal devices due to the availability of reimbursement policies as well as healthcare infrastructure. Increasing number of spinal injury incidences through accidents, ageing and improved lifestyle among population are few trends which are expected to fuel the growth of the spinal device market in APEJ region through 2026. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2236 Spinal Device Market: Key Players Some of the key players in the global spinal device market include Stryker, Vertiflex Inc., Smith & Nephew, Siemens Healthcare GmbH, RTI Surgical, Orthofix Holdings, Inc., Medtronic, Zimmer Inc., CONMED, Aspen Medical Products and others. Most of the providers of spinal devices are adopting the strategy of providing these products through e-commerce and hospital pharmacies so that buyers can browse the products according to their needs. In October 2016, Stryker announced the launch of hand-held LITe BIO Delivery System to deliver bone graft material to spinal surgery sites. The system can be used for any type of spine fusion surgery. About Future Market Insights Future Market Insights is the premier provider of market intelligence and consulting services, serving clients in over 150 countries. FMI is headquartered in London, the global financial capital, and has delivery centres in the U.S. and India. FMI's research and consulting services help businesses around the globe navigate the challenges in a rapidly evolving marketplace with confidence and clarity. Our customised and syndicated market research reports deliver actionable insights that drive sustainable growth. We continuously track emerging trends and events in a broad range of end industries to ensure our clients prepare for the evolving needs of their consumers. 	healthcare&biotechnology
Correction: Hiring Ex-Prisoners story 	CEDARBURG, Wis. (AP) — In a July 21 story about a Wisconsin company that sometimes hires former inmates, The Associated Press reported erroneously that all the employees of the company, Harrigan Solutions, have served prison time. Only some of Harrigan's employees are former prisoners. A corrected version of the story is below: Wisconsin company hires former inmates, helps them succeed A Wisconsin business is hiring former inmates and helping them succeed CEDARBURG, Wis. (AP) — A Wisconsin business is hiring former inmates and helping them succeed. Some of the employees at Harrigan Solutions have served prison time, WUWM-FM reported. The Cedarburg company contracts with Harley-Davidson to service the machines that create motorcycle parts. Company owner Bill Harrigan said he hopes to give former inmates a chance to show that they've changed. "This isn't just a job," he said. "It's a chance to belong, to join the rest of the world. It's to be counted, to be counted on." Harrigan Solutions uses novel methods to motivate workers, such as holding on-the-job competitions while they're making repairs. The winning teams earn prizes. "If you watch any racing, it's all about times, down to the seconds," Supervisor Brandon Sayre said. "We focus on the reduction of pit-times, meaning the down-time of the machine when we're servicing it. We make a competition out of it." * I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Worker Ryan Young said the structure motivates him. "It is friendly competition, but we're all pretty close here," he said. "We get pretty competitive, and it kind of makes it fun. Gives us a reason to work harder, work faster, work better." The company also has a compliment board for good work, holds a weekly meeting to talk about employees' strengths and even has a banquet at the end of the year. Harrigan said employees have told him that the work has changed how they view themselves and their future. "That's incredibly motivating to someone who's never ... had anyone that has asked them what success looks like to them," he said. "Many people, this population, they're not even aware that they have strengths. So they all know what it's like to feel like nobody wants you, nobody cares, nobody thinks you have any potential."	legal
I’m in the USA and I’ve heard people from the UK talking about crumpets. Are they the same as pancakes? What toppings do you use?	The price they show you is never the best price. Luckily, this tool finds the best coupon for your cart. A crumpet is a delightful, unique pastry. They are relatively easy to make and very yummy with a variety of toppings - usually you would start with butter or cream (or clotted cream if you want to go crazy) and then maybe add fresh fruit or fruit preserves (lemon curd is divine). From a “making these” perspective, the crumpet’s closest cousin is undoubtedly the English muffin. Both are a dairy-heavy yeast dough that is cooked, in rings, on a hot pan or skillet. In fact, many recipes for one or the other mention that you can make the other by simply changing the amount of liquid (crumpets have more than English muffins). But the two foods are used very differently - English muffins are turned while cooking and crumpets are not, English muffins are split after cooking and crumpets are not, it is normal to put eggs and other savories on English muffins (hello, eggs benedict) and not on crumpets, etc. Another close-ish cousin would be the traditional sourdough pancake of the California gold rush era. These were made by adding bicarbonate of soda to a sourdough batter and pouring into a cast-iron skillet. You should thank those prospectors - this is where baking soda as a leavening agent was popularized. The result was much larger and denser than a crumpet, but certainly it is no unreasonable to compare them. Culinarily, the way that they are eaten with toppings and such they fulfill much the same role as a breakfast bread as you could fill with pancakes, waffles, or french toast, though these are all made from very different materials in very different ways. If you have never made your own crumpets you should do so! Store bought in the US really isn’t the same at all! You can make cheap crumpet rings by taking both top and bottom off of short tin cans and Joy of Cooking has an excellent recipe (or here is one available online that looks reasonable). Have you ever googled yourself? Do a “deep search” instead. This new site reveals so much more. Enter a name and state to begin. Crumpets are not like pancakes - they’re not even like what Americans call pancakes, which are in themselves nothing like British pancakes. This is a crumpet: It’s a bit hard to describe. It has a chewy, springy texture, and is full of holes. It’s not cakey like an American pancake or muffin. They come already cooked, then you toast them again. This gives them a slightly crunchy, browned surface. The flavour is quite bland overall. Quite delicious though, I assure you. Toppings are up to you. I just use butter (be generous, and the holes hold a lot), and maybe a little extra salt. My daughter likes to put jam (jelly) or Nutella on hers, but she’s welcome to it. Personally I favour savoury toppings if anything other than butter. Perhaps a scoop of Philadelphia cheese and a bit of smoked salmon… hmm, getting a bit posh there. Just for comparison, here’s a British style pancake - much more like a crêpe than the US variety. I’m an American who spent about 4 months in Aberystwyth, Wales just over twenty years ago. Crumpets were easy to find there and inexpensive. I enjoyed them on a regular basis with butter just as I would toast (or an “English muffin” which oddly enough is just called a “muffin” in the UK—and I have even seen muffins packaged there as “American muffins” but I digress; anyway crumpets are not pancakes or muffins of any kind.) In the US, it is not all that easy to find crumpets and the first time I ever saw them here they were overpriced. The ones I tried seemed sort of OK but not exactly right. They were just not worth the effort of buying again and I put crumpets out of my mind for years. More recently, I have started to buy Trader Joe’s Crumpets on a regular basis. I think they’re still a little pricy compared to what I remember, and they may be lacking in some way. I’m not sure. They are certainly close enough that if you want to know what a crumpet is, and have a Trader Joe’s nearby, just buy a package and toast them. You’ll have to go to the UK to compare them to the real thing. TIME Magazine: "It's basically just free money." This free tool applies every promo code on the internet to your cart – it works on Amazon and 21K sites. Pancakes and crumpets are quite similar - although minor changes in the batter make a big difference in the end product. Typically a crumpet has both yeast and baking soda, meaning they rise further than pancakes. Because they are constrained when cooking, they are deeper and narrower than pancakes. Typically that depth means they are crispy on the outside and soft in the middle, with large bubbles that allow butter to soak in. I’m not sure about other families, but for us they were typically a late afternoon winter snack, sometimes with fruit jams, but for me just with butter. If you take the photo that Quora User posted and step back a few iterations you get to a pancake. Pancakes are just eggs, flour, water and milks … maybe a pinch of salt. There is the North Staffordshire oatcake which is effectively flat but has the bubbles in the mix. Yeast is now part of the recipe and will be going forward. There is an evolution to the pikelet in the same region. This tends to be less squat but has some dried fruit in there: The crumpet in some areas gets called a pikelet, especially with my mother in law. A crumpet is fully risen. You grill both sides and usually just butter the top. Adding a fried egg to a crumpet is pure heaven. Others have described the crumpet well, some with pictures. This, however, is only part of the story. In Scotland, the word crumpet refers to a very different thing. These (or at least industrial impersonations of them) are sold in England as Scotch pancakes, and are much closer to American pancakes* than they are to either English pancakes or English crumpets. In some parts of the country they, or something not exactly the same, are called pikelets. “scotch pancakes”/(Scots) crumpets/pikelets. Only the last of which (by any name) really resembles the American pancake. *It almost goes without saying, but they tend to be a little smaller on the East of the Atlantic. As other people have said, they’re nothing like pancakes but no one seems to have explained how they’re made. They’re cooked on a hot plate similar to pancakes but only on ONE side - and for muchlonger than you would cook a pancake (enough to cook it all the way through) That means the bottom is hard and crunchy and the holes are formed when the rest ‘puffs up’. At home you’d then put it in the toaster (Never the microwave - sweet Jesus!) and spread lots of butter which will melt into the holes. That’s it. Maybe some marmite. Or a poached egg. Crumpet is also a euphemism for good looking girls, so be careful if you use the word in England. The things that I know as crumpets, are roughly pikelet sized, and are simply cakes of bread, with holey tops, and crisp, pancake-like backs. This is what a crumpet looks like. I like them best with either ham and melted cheese, or golden syrup. Like many other bread products, they work well with a lot of different toppings. These are crumpets. They are nothing like pancakes aside from the fact that they are cooked in a pan. They are crisp and chewy, and if not cooked properly have a rubbery texture. I like pancakes and dislike crumpets. My partner likes crumpets and dislikes pancakes. Butter is the most common topping. My partner also likes a little Marmite on his. Crumpets are a bread-like food typically made with a yeast dough and cooked on a griddle, sometimes in a supporting ring to ensure thickness. They’re often then split and toasted. I’d say they’re technically a quick bread, since they’re cooked on a hot surface rather than baked, but the dough takes time to rise, making them not very quick. They’re not pancakes, though they’re cooked similarly. Rather, they’re somewhere between a pancake and an English muffin. They have the dimensions and faint tangyness of an English muffin (it comes from the fermented dough), but since they aren’t baked, they’ve got something of the softness and moistness of a pancake. Enter the heroic mighty warrior. It's a basic product made from an unsweetened batter of water or milk, flour and yeast.. It would actually be classed as a cake, but is often eaten as a snack with butter on top, or jam, or peanut butter or pretty much whatever you desire. Throughout the Uk people enjoy these, and have done for a long time! My favourite way of eating crumpets is with butter and golden syrup. Lots of both. First, toast the crumpet, unequally: the side with holes for longer than the brown side. Many toasters have a setting that does this. Spread softened butter over the crumpets until the holes are full of melted butter. Wait until the butter soaks in. Then, spread Golden Syrup (from a tin, not the pourable stuff which isn’t as sweet) until the holes are full. Eat leaning over the plate, because it will drip. Mop up the drippings as you go: don’t want to waste any empty calories or saturated fat. Crumpets are yummy with savoury toppings too. I knew someone who regularly ate toasted crumpets spread with ripe avocado and grilled: very tasty. My go-to Sunday brunch is what I call the Drone’s Club brunch (Wodehouse fans will get it): eggs, beans and crumpets. Crumpets aren’t really like anything comparable in the USA. By shape, you would think it would be more similar to an English muffin, however its got a moist chewiness that is wonderfully different from an English muffin. You can find crumpets in the USA, but you have to look for them. I have seen them in Trader Joe’s in Oregon, Washington and California, but I haven’t tasted them. You can get some wonderful crumpets in Canada, and I go out of my way to enjoy them when visiting (beautiful places like Victoria or Vancouver, BC, for example). Butter and jam or a nice honey are excellent on crumpets. Microwave it until it gives off a bit of steam (30 seconds is enough in a mid-size oven), then pour a couple tablespoons of heavy cream. Maybe more than a couple. It can absorb a lot. Pour cream until it overflows. Sprinkle some salt. The last couple times I saw them in America were both at Walmart in Vancouver and in Gillette, Wyoming. Chicago Walmart lists them as discontinued. They are easy to make, though. No they aren’t like pancakes of any sort. We toast them like sliced bread and then smear butter and marmalade or butter and marmite on them depending on sweet tooth or savoury tooth in the mornings. They are really nice, the butter melts and is drawn down through the crumpet by all the little holes - I’m not describing them very well. I’ll add a photo. Crumpets are also very popular in Australia (and probably New Zealand I’d expect). As well at the regular round variety we also have square crumpets that fit better in the toaster, as well as a variety of square crumpet that can be pulled apart into crumpet fingers which are handy for feeding young children. Butter and honey are the default toppings here. Crumpets are doughy discs, quite a bit thicker than pancakes, say about 1/2 thick and about 4 or 5 inches in diameter - they are similar to English Muffins ( which I have never seen in the UK), but they are a bit ‘doughier” if that’s a word. They are a savory rather than sweet thing, we often have them as a late night snack - we just toast them and slap on some butter - the crumpets have a lot of internal air bubbles which make them very absorbent. I guess you could put jam or marmalade on them too if you like that too. I’ve seen them on sale in the US - Trader Joes sells them in the bread and bakery area, I’ve also found them in Safeways in the freezer section (Made in Canada).	food
Sweden's Granges halts plans for U.S. aluminum joint venture 	Sweden's Granges (GRANG.ST) put on ice on Friday plans to form an aluminum manufacturing joint venture in the United States with Japan's Mitsubishi Aluminum Co (5711.T), saying that the project was less attractive in "current circumstances". Load Error It did not specify what circumstances it was referring to though a Granges spokeswoman later said they were related to the feasibility of the project and did not have to do with U.S. tariffs on aluminum imports. U.S. President Donald Trump has imposed tariffs on imported aluminum and steel as well as on a long list of imports from China, which include many machinery parts or products needed by manufacturers, prompting retaliatory measures from Beijing. The venture aimed to combine Granges' and Mitsubishi Aluminum's expertise in aluminum rolling and establish a new U.S. production facility to manufacture advanced aluminum materials for brazed automotive heat exchangers for the North American and Mexican markets. "Granges has decided to halt the plans for a joint venture in North America, as the project isn't sufficiently attractive for Granges from a risk-reward perspective given the current circumstances," the company said in its statement on Friday. "It doesn't have to do with the market conditions...It's more about the project itself," said Pernilla Grennfelt, senior vice president for communications and investor relations, declining to be more specific. Yet, she said U.S. tariffs were impacting Granges in different ways. The company is seeking exemptions to continue importing from Europe certain aluminum coil and aluminum sheet products that it needs to make products in the United States needed by U.S. automotive clients, she said. Granges last year had already begun to gradually shift production of foil products for U.S. customers from Shanghai, China to Finspang, Sweden after the U.S. imposed countervailing and anti-dumping duties on imports of such products from China. The company said on Friday it remained "strongly committed" to the North American market, adding that it was on track with its plans to invest $110 million to expand capacity at its Tennessee operations in the United States. Granges is also exploring business opportunities for advanced aluminum materials for brazed automotive heat exchangers in North America, it said.​ (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Stockholm, editing by Johannes Hellstrom and Emelia Sithole-Matarise) AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More From Reuters Republican senator asks FTC to examine Google ads German network regulator details 5G auction terms: document Veteran DE Dumervil retires Visit site 	manufacture
Perez in pink on top for Force India in wet opening practice	MONZA (Italy) (AFP) - Sergio Perez topped the times for the reborn Force India team in Friday's rain-hit opening free practice session for this weekend's Italian Grand Prix. The Mexican clocked a best lap time of 1min 34sec to outpace nearest rival Kimi Raikkonen of Ferrari by 0.550 seconds with his pink-liveried team-mate Esteban Ocon third. The former Force India team has been granted a new entry to Formula 1 following their rescue from administration earlier this month. The team is to be known as Racing Point Force India after a takeover by a consortium led by Canadian billionaire Lawrence Stroll. The Silverstone-based team landed their impressive times in the closing seconds of the session when they were virtually the only cars on a drying track. Brendon Hartley was fourth fastest for the local Toro Rosso team ahead of Daniel Ricciardo of Red Bull and Pierre Gasly, the Red Bull-bound driver in the second Toro Rosso. Max Verstappen was seventh in the second Red Bull and Carlos Sainz eighth for Renault ahead of team-mate Nico Hulkenberg and Valtteri Bottas of Mercedes. Championship leader Lewis Hamilton, who finally arrived at the circuit on Friday morning on a scooter after missing Thursday’s media activities due to an "unavoidable personal commitment", was 11th in the second Mercedes while his title rival Sebastian Vettel, who is 17 points behind in the drivers’ championship, was 17th. Both men restricted their activity, Vettel doing only four laps, and changing his gearbox, and Hamilton doing only six. Bottas did only eight. Ricciardo and Renault's Nico Hulkenberg have both taken new engines this weekend and both will start Sunday's race from the back of the grid. Overnight thunderstorms had left the Autodromo Nazionale Monza littered with deep puddles before the session with intermittent drizzle adding to the miserable conditions. Ricciardo suffered a power problem on his first lap but after some software repairs he was able to rejoin the fray.	sports
MacIver News Minute: How School Districts Use Act 10 to Save Billions on Health Insurance	Free from the fetters of union driven health plans thanks to Act 10, school districts have turned to innovative and cost-saving health insurance options for their employees. Changes made possible by Gov. Walker’s signature reform have allowed school districts to save $3.2 billion in benefits costs alone – much of that on health benefits. Hear the MacIver News Minute on News/Talk 1130 WISN every Tuesday and Thursday at 8, 11, and 2. Listen to WISN live on iHeart here.	education
United States to Terminate UNRWA Funding	Earlier this year, the Trump administration froze most of its support to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency, the agency that aids Palestinian refugees, providing $60 million and holding back more than $300 million. The United States on Friday halted all funding to a U.N. agency that helps Palestinian refugees in a move likely to further heighten tensions between the Palestinians and the Trump administration. Trump vowed early on in his presidency that the US will no longer fund agencies and countries that do not support its interests. The comments on Friday came shortly after the U.S. government, a major ally of Israel, announced that it was stopping its funding to the United Nations Relief Works and Agency (UNRWA) after determining the organisation to be an "irredeemably flawed operation". State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in the Friday statement that the United Nations agency's "endlessly and exponentially expanding community of entitled beneficiaries is simply unsustainable and has been in crisis mode for many years". However, the agency is still suffering its worst funding crisis in its 68-year history, according to United Nations officials. "These children are part of the future of the Middle East. Palestinians, wherever they live, deserve better than an endlessly crisis-driven service provision model". Kushner's plan for lasting peace thus far has been to cast doubt on Palestinians' commitment to peace, demand they abandon many of their most stringent demands for a deal with Israel, and wield American financial influence to make their refusal to cede to US demands more hard. But Ms Nauert said the USA would "intensify dialogue with the United Nations, host governments, and worldwide stakeholders about new models and new approaches" to help alleviate any impact on Palestinian children. "Where is Saudi Arabia? Where is Kuwait?" she added. The State Department said it would begin discussing new approaches for providing aid to Palestinian refugees with the United Nations, host governments and global stakeholders. Zomlot is the official representative in Washington of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) led by Mahmoud Abbas. Israel's Channel 2 news also reported that the administration will remove the Palestinian refugees' "right of return" from the negotiating table.	non-profit&civilorganization
How Well Do You Remember Breaking Bad? Test Your Crystal Blue Knowledge Now!	More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have Beauty by POPSUGAR POPSUGAR Insights 	null
The Latest: Terror studied as possible motive for stabbings	Amsterdam city officials say a man who was shot by police after two people were stabbed at the main railway station is a 19-year-old Afghan citizen and investigators are including an extremist attack as a possible motive. The city's local government said in a statement issued late Friday that the suspect is being questioned at the hospital where he is being treated under guard. The people stabbed at Central Station around noon also were transported to a hospital. Police didn't release details about any of the three's conditions. The city statement says the suspect had a German residence permit and Amsterdam police are in contact with authorities in Germany. 4:55 p.m. An Amsterdam police spokesman says two people were stabbed at the city's busy Central Station when a man walked into a group of people. Police spokesman Rob van der Veen said the violence happened shortly after noon. He says: "Something happened, we don't know yet what, but during that two people were stabbed and one person with a knife in his hand walked away and he was shot by police," Van der Veen said. All three people were taken to a hospital. Police didn't release details about their conditions. Van der Veen said forensics experts are combing the scene hours after the attack and detectives are investigating the man's motive. 2:25 p.m. Police in Amsterdam say "all possible scenarios are being kept open" as they investigate a stabbing attack at the city's busy central railway station that injured two people. Amsterdam police said in a series of tweets that a suspect was shot by officers. The suspect and the people stabbed were taken to a hospital. Police said two train platforms were closed, but the station wasn't evacuated. Trams to and from the square in front of the station were stopped as police and emergency services converged on the area. Red and white police tape kept members of the public away from the scene. Central Station is a busy entry and exit point for visitors to the Dutch capital, with regular trains linking it to the city's Schiphol Airport. Friday is one of the busiest days of the week, with many tourists arriving for the weekend. 1:15 p.m. Police in the Dutch capital shot and wounded a suspect Friday following a stabbing at Amsterdam's busy central railway station. Amsterdam police said in a series of tweets that two people were injured in the stabbing and the suspect was then shot by officers. All three people were taken to a hospital. Police said that two platforms were closed to train traffic, but the station wasn't evacuated. The motive for the stabbing wasn't immediately clear. Further details weren't available. Central Station is a busy entry and exit point for visitors to the Dutch capital, with regular trains linking it to the city's Schiphol Airport. Friday is one of the busiest days of the week, with many tourists arriving for the weekend. 1:00 p.m. Police in the Dutch capital say they have shot and wounded a suspect following a stabbing at Amsterdam's busy central railway station. Police tweeted Friday that two people were injured in the stabbing. A tunnel under the station's tracks was closed following the incident. The motive for the stabbing wasn't immediately clear. Further details weren't immediately available. Police in the Dutch capital shot and wounded a suspect Friday after he stabbed two people at Amsterdam's busy central railway station. Hours after the incident, police said they were still investigating a possible motive for the attack and weren't excluding any possible scenarios. Police spokesman Rob van der Veen said the violence happened shortly after noon (1000 GMT; 6 a.m. EDT) at the busy Central Station in downtown Amsterdam when a man walked into a group of people. "Something happened, we don't know yet what, but during that two people were stabbed and one person with a knife in his hand walked away and he was shot by police," Van der Veen said. All three people were taken to a hospital. Police didn't release details about their conditions. Van der Veen said forensics experts were still combing the scene hours after the attack and detectives were investigating the man's motive. Two platforms were temporarily closed to train traffic, but the station wasn't evacuated. Trams to and from the square in front of the station were stopped as police and emergency services converged on the area. Red and white police tape kept members of the public away from the scene. Central Station is a busy entry and exit point for visitors to the Dutch capital, with regular trains linking it to the city's Schiphol Airport. Friday is one of the busiest days of the week, with many tourists arriving for the weekend. Associated Press writer Mike Corder in The Hague contributed to this report.	null
KJZZ News 	The Havasupai Reservation will reopen Saturday for the first time since early July. Flooding rushed through a world-famous gorge off the Grand Canyon, forcing about 200 people to evacuate. The labor union that represents millions of federal employees, including 12,000 U.S. Border Patrol agents criticized the Trump Administration for freezing their pay Thursday. But they also criticized the border agent union which endorsed President Donald Trump for not speaking up against the pay freeze. 	null
Business Lawyer, Flaster Greenberg Of Counsel Marc Garber Dies at Age 67	Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided. Marc R. Garber, of counsel with Flaster Greenberg, died Aug. 21. He was 67. Garber was a member of Flaster Greenberg’s business and corporate and labor and employment departments. A business lawyer, he focused his practice on employee benefits law, executive compensation matters and Employee Retirement Income Security Act litigation. He joined Flaster Greenberg in 2002 after several years at two other large firms. He had more than 30 years of experience representing plan sponsors, trustees, professional fiduciaries, third-party administrators and investment advisers. His knowledge in this area of law was integral in handling the design, implementation and administration of retirement plans, fiduciary counseling, design and compliance of welfare plans, and use of ESOPs to provide exit strategies for founding shareholders of closely held businesses, according to Flaster Greenberg’s prepared statement. His clients included professionals, early-stage development companies, publicly traded companies, financial institutions, professional fiduciaries and trust companies, investment advisers and third-party plan administrators. Garber is a previous instructor at the Philadelphia Employee Benefits Institute, and served as a member of the American Bar Association’s employee benefits section. Throughout his legal career, he has written and presented on numerous topics including ESOPs, executive compensation, ERISA fiduciary consideration, pension reform and ERISA investment products, among other topics. He graduated from Duquesne University School of Law in 1981. Services were held on Aug. 26 at 11 a.m. at Joseph Levine & Sons in Feasterville-Trevos. I am a copy editor for American Lawyer Media publications, based in The Legal Intelligencer's Philadelphia office. I also write Pennsylvania Law Weekly's Capitol Report. The Third Circuit has ruled that an insurer could bring an action for contribution under state law against a restaurant that allegedly overserved alcohol to its insured, rejecting the restaurant’s claim that the Dram Shop law precluded the insurer’s suit. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has clarified the proper procedure for preserving a jury instruction challenge for appeal, while also noting that there's one sure-fire way to waive such a challenge: failing to object at trial when given the chance. With this subscription you will receive unlimited access to high quality, online, on-demand premium content from well-respected faculty in the legal industry. This is perfect for attorneys licensed in multiple jurisdictions or for attorneys that have fulfilled their CLE requirement but need to access resourceful information for their practice areas. Our Team Account subscription service are for legal teams of four or more attorneys. Each attorney is granted unlimited access to high quality, on-demand premium content from well-respected faculty in the legal industry along with administrative access to easily manage CLE for the entire team. Gain access to some of the most knowledgeable and experienced attorneys with our 2 bundle options! Our Compliance bundles are curated by CLE Counselors and include current legal topics and challenges within the industry. Our second option allows you to build your bundle and strategically select the content that pertains to your needs. Both option are priced the same. Legal Compass includes access to our exclusive industry reports, combining the unmatched expertise of our analyst team with ALM’s deep bench of proprietary information to provide insights that can’t be found anywhere else. Legal Compass delivers you the full scope of information, from the rankings of the Am Law 200 and NLJ 500 to intricate details and comparisons of firms’ financials, staffing, clients, news and events. National Women In Law Awards 2018 program honors top women lawyers who have made a remarkable difference in the legal profession. Brings together the region's leading general counsel to discuss, debate and deliver vital insights into the African legal market. 	finance
Never Forget About the Donkey Kong Country Cartoon	Geek Deals: 20 Percent Prime Gaming Discount Ends on 28th, SNES Classic ... T-Shirt Tuesday: The Best Gundam Shirts Geek Deals: A Multitude of Party Games with Humble Jackbox Party Bundle Geek Deals: $65 Racing Style Gaming Chair, 50 Percent off Beats Solo3 He... Even considering my overall high levels of Nintendo fandom, I’m a huge Donkey Kong fan. A gorilla wearing a tie is far and away the most hilarious Nintendo character ever created. And games like Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze and Donkey Kong Jungle Beat are legit masterpieces of platforming inventiveness. I’m very much into that ape. But what I’m not so into is DK’s ostensible nemesis King K. Rool, leader of the crocodile-esque Kremlin Krew. He’s just kind of uninspired. I didn’t mind that the post-Rare DK games haven’t really bothered with him. So while I should’ve been stoked to see K. Rool revealed as the next Super Smash Bros. Ultimate character (and to be fair his snazzy theme song remix and aggressive four-legged running have made him way cooler than ever before) instead I was just once again confused about his inexplicable fanbase. Still, more people talking about King K. Rool means more people talking about Donkey Kong in general. And that’s something I can get very excited about. But for me the most incredible piece of DK lore isn’t the Kremlins or Cranky Kong’s status as the original arcade Donkey Kong. It’s the fact that this horrifying Donkey Kong cartoon was ever even allowed to exist. I think it’s easy to forget this now that DK has become a bit of a B-tier Nintendo mascot at best, but the original Donkey Kong Country games from 1994-1996 were a very big deal. They gave the Super Nintendo a second life against the technically superior PlayStation 1. They innovated with advanced computer generated graphics. And they sold a lot of copies! It was peak-Donkey Kong season there for a while. By the way, although Nintendo and Rare surely(?) had some kind of input on this, the show was produced by Nelvana and that whole familiar contingent of French-Canadian animation houses that brought you similarly jank-looking (if better written) computer cartoons like Beast Wars and ReBoot. Get over the horrifying visuals though and this show… probably fine? I honestly don’t know because I can’t get past the horrifying visuals. The characters like DK, Diddy, and Dixie all basically look like their nude selves with the biggest exception maybe being Candy Kong’s extremely 90s redesign. I wish K. Rool’s eye was more bloodshot but whatever. And a bunch of gorilla fighting a bunch of crocodiles on a tropical island is a serviceable enough cartoon premise. There’s even this fun conceit where every episode has at least one song. These were the DK raps before the DK Rap. This is really where the show tips over into being ironically mesmerizing. Our social media manager Pete Haas said that “Funky’s movements look like death.” If you saw the Donkey Kong Country cartoon as a kid it’s probably pretty easy to assume it was just some banana-fueled fever dream. Like, I’m pretty sure I have a VHS copy of the “Legend of the Crystal Coconut” movie in my parents house but I always assumed it would crumble to dust if I tried to watch it now. But it’s actually disturbingly easy to watch any of the 40 episodes across two seasons not just on the weirdest corners of the internet but on just, like, basic-ass Amazon video streaming.	animation
Campbell Soup to Sell Its International, Fresh Food Businesses 	CAMDEN, NJ— Campbell Soup announced today that it will be selling its Campbell International and Campbell Fresh businesses to focus solely on its North American operations, Campbell Snacks and Campbell Meals and Beverages. The decision is part of the company's board-led strategy and portfolio review to improve performance and drive shareholder value. “Our plan will build upon our existing strengths," Campbell’s interim President and CEO Keith McLoughlin said. "We are moving forward with a sense of urgency to complete these changes in fiscal 2019, setting the foundation for sustainable, profitable growth in fiscal 2020 and beyond." Campbell International consists of Arnott’s and the Kelsen Group, along with the company’s manufacturing operations in Indonesia and Malaysia and its businesses in Hong Kong and Japan. Campbell Fresh includes Bolthouse Farms, Garden Fresh Gourmet and the company’s refrigerated soup business. Fiscal 2018 net sales of these businesses totaled approximately $2.1 billion. Proceeds from the divestitures will be used to significantly reduce debt.	food
Pyramidion Technology Group, Inc. (OTC: PYTG) Appoints New Scientific Advisory Board Team to Support Company Strategy in the Medical CBD Industry	Pyramidion Technology Group, Inc. (or the "Company") (OTC: PYTG), today announced the appointment of a New Advisory Medical Board to lead the new direction of the company in the Medical Alternative Medicine and Natural Nutraceutical Products. The new Medical Board will bring an immense, collective and unique set of experiences in the Medical CBD affairs, unmatched leadership and guidance to help drive Pyramidion towards its strategic mission. Mark Sabbota  Dr. Mark Sabbota is board-certified in cardiology and internal medicine. He earned his medical degree from Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine in 1995. Dr. Sabbota completed his residencies at Botsford General Hospital in 1998 and 2001 and his fellowship at University of Michigan Medical Center in 2001. On the appointment, CEO Carlos Hurtado, said, "Pyramidion has a mission to make CBD available to any patient who can benefit from safe and reliable sources. The addition of these Reputed Physicians to our Medical Board will lead to even greater access for patients to the best CBD Products in the Market and built a solid Doctors-Patient Relationship and changing their life for better health.  About Pyramidion Technology Group, Inc. Pyramidion Technology Group, Inc. ("PYTG" or the "Company") is best described as a business incubator. The purpose of our business model is to leverage equity, to acquire, merge and or joint venture with early stage companies in emerging sectors, to facilitate growth and cash flow utilizing a diverse distribution method. Our intention is to develop and acquire fast growing companies in up-trending industries and positioning technology for economic growth. This platform will combine natural relationships, marketing synergies and distribution methods that enable combined companies to provide a wide variety of unique and complete solutions, services and necessities to consumers. We believe our overall business model could effectively create a company of unlimited opportunities for our growing shareholder base. For more information on PYTG, please visit the Company's website at https://www.pytgcorp.com To be added to the Company investor email list, please email info@pytgcorp.com with PYTG in the subject line. 	healthcare&biotechnology
Video: Friggin' Rights - One Month on Canadian Shores	Earlier in the year I Booked some Flights from New Zealand to Vancouver and sent it half way across the world with just my camera and bike. Starting out with the flat out riding scene of Vancouver Island before moving on to the heartland of mountain biking in Whistler, Friggin' Rights is the accumulation of one month spent riding the best trails British Columbia has to offer with new friends met along the way. This is the best nine minutes I have to show for you, so hope you enjoy!	entertainment
Director Gavras slams 'bad taste' joke after hoaxer tweets his 'death' 	The Greek-French filmmaker Costa Gavras was forced to deny rumours of his own demise on Thursday after some media were fooled by a fake ministerial Twitter account announcing he had died. Load Error Oscar-winning Gavras, who is known for his gritty political dramas, told Greek state television ERT the prank was a "joke of bad taste". The fake news -- believed to be the work of an Italian hoaxer -- was published on the Twitter account @MZorbaGR, purporting to be that of the new Greek culture minister Myrsini Zorba, and was immediately picked up by media around the world. It was followed by another tweet which read: "This account is a fake, created by the Italian journalist Tommasso Debenedetti." Debenedetti, who has said he creates phoney accounts to highlight "the fragility of social networks", has previously played similar pranks announcing the "deaths" of JK Rowling, Mikhail Gorbachev, Fidel Castro and Pope Benedict XVI. "Death works well on Twitter," he told AFP in an interview in 2013. "Unfortunately, journalism works on speed. False news spreads exponentially." Gavras, whose real name is Konstantinos Gavras, said in Thursday's television interview that there was an "odd situation with the news, everywhere in the world there are these kind of hoaxes that instantly become the truth". The 85-year-old became a household name with the films "Z" and "L'Aveu" and is currently working on an adaptation of a book by Greece's former finance minister Yanis Varoufakis. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	entertainment
4 Things Successful People Do in the Last 15 Minutes of Their Workday	For many of us, the last 15 minutes of the workday are difficult. After a long, busy day, it can be tempting to take it easy during the final countdown. But the most successful people recognize that those last few minutes are crucial to finishing tasks, preparing for the next day, building relationships, and keeping work at the office. Below, you’ll find four things successful people do in the last 15 minutes of each day. Mornings can be almost as challenging for productivity as the end of the day, so if you can use some time each day to plan out the first tasks you’ll do the next morning, you won’t have to waste time at the day’s start getting your thoughts in order. Megan Robinson, an editor at personal finance site DollarSprout, says she likes to make a to-do list each day to reset mentally. This has a few benefits. First, it makes the next morning easier; as Robinson says, “[In the] morning when I come to work, I hit the ground running because I know exactly what to focus on.” The other major benefit is that it helps make sure your professional concerns don’t bleed into your personal life. Robinson says making a list helps her avoid stress at home. “This helps me relax in the evenings because I’m not thinking about what I need to do the next day or if there’s something I forgot.” 3. Strengthen relationships. The end of the day is also a good time to connect with coworkers about something other than work. Is there a local restaurant you want to try? Suggest a lunch out of the office sometime. Just started a new TV series? Ask if anyone has seen it yet. It’s also a good time to find out more about your coworkers’ lives. Take a minute or two to ask what they’re doing that evening and take a genuine interest in their answer. Beyond simple small talk, you can connect with coworkers in a deeper way in those last few minutes. As a leader in her office, Lee McEnany Caraher, the CEO of the communications agency Double Forte, says she looks to see who else is still in the office and asks them how she can help them get to a place that allows them to leave for the night. By doing this, she shows the people she works with that she values their time and is willing to give up some of hers for their sake. 4. Officially end the day. So many of us take our work home in the evenings, but that can be a bad practice for our stress levels and relationships outside of the office. In the Harvard Business Review, Jackie Coleman and John Coleman write, “Make a rule to work from home only in exceptional circumstances, and keep work folders, computers and notebooks at your desk.” To help separate your mind from the stresses of the workday, take a few minutes before you leave to practice some thoughtful disengagement. Laura Maille, the co-founder and chief design officer at graphic design service Deputy Rabbit, says that her end-of-day meditation is “the most important part of my day” and that it helps her “transition into the personal part of my day without bringing home all the stress of managing a team and a company.” Taking those few minutes to disengage can help you go home feeling refreshed and avoid workplace stress outside the office. Balanda Atis, the manager of L'Oréal USA's Multicultural Beauty Lab, shares how she rose to the top of her field. By Meghann Foye posted Aug 27th, 2018 Balanda breaks down the decisions that shaped her career.	evergreen
Alec Baldwin On Career Highs And Lows And Playing A 'Larger Than Life' Trump	Baldwin is nominated for an Emmy for playing the president on SNL. In 2017, he told Fresh Air that he plays the character in a exaggerated way: "It's kind of the Macy's Day Parade [version] of Trump." This is FRESH AIR. I'm David Bianculli, editor of the website TV Worth Watching, sitting in for Terry Gross. We've devoted this week to revisiting interviews with some of this year's Emmy nominees. Today's guests are Alec Baldwin, nominated for his guest work playing President Donald Trump on NBC's "Saturday Night Live," and Brian Tyree Henry, nominated for two different Emmys, one for comedy, for his role as Paper Boi on the FX series "Atlanta" and one for drama for a guest appearance on NBC's "This Is Us." We'll start with Alec Baldwin, who's memorable roles include a ruthless salesman in the film version of "Glengarry Glen Ross" and the network executive on NBC's "30 Rock." He won an Emmy for his portrayal on "Saturday Night Live" of Donald Trump last year and is nominated again for it this year. Terry Gross spoke to him in April 2017 when he published his memoir called "Nevertheless." They began by playing a "Saturday Night Live" clip from 2017. Aliens have attacked the Earth. Kenan Thompson plays a military officer giving the troops a pep talk about how to save the human race. But first, he says, your commander in chief wants to say a few words. And he steps aside for President Trump, played by Alec Baldwin. (SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE") ALEC BALDWIN: (As Donald Trump) Now, here's the deal. We are going to beat these aliens because we have got the best military. But we don't win anymore. BALDWIN: (As Donald Trump) And the aliens are laughing at us. They're killing us, and they're laughing at us. KENAN THOMPSON: (As Military Officer) We know the aliens are killing us, sir. They have the most advanced weaponized technology we've ever seen. What should we do? BALDWIN: (As Donald Trump) OK, here's what we do. Here's what we're going to do. We are going to bring coal back, OK? BALDWIN: (Donald Trump) We're going to have so much coal, you're going to say, where did all this coal come from? I never knew there could be so much coal. THOMPSON: (As Military Officer) But, Mr. President, what about the aliens? They just vaporized the entire state of California. THOMPSON: (As Military Officer) Sir, yes. We are dealing with a highly advanced species here. They're from Zorblat-9. Their ships are invisible. They're telepathic. BALDWIN: (Donald Trump) OK, now, we don't know that they are from Zorblat-9. I've actually heard Zorblat-9 is very beautiful, very fantastic. TERRY GROSS, BYLINE: Alec Baldwin, welcome back to FRESH AIR. How did you start doing Donald Trump? And what stood out for you watching him that you thought you could do to caricature him? BALDWIN: Well, I think other people can certainly do Trump more deftly than I can. I don't think I really do the greatest impersonation of Trump, per se. But we're not doing it on film. We're doing it live on a TV show at 11:30 at night in front of a live audience. So there's a kind of - you kind of blow it up. You know, it's kind of the Macy's Day Parade... GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: ...Of Trump. You know, it's a very larger-than-life thing. And I think in the back of my mind, maybe I could do him a little more precisely if we were in a different venue. But for this, you've got to pick a couple things, which is just his - I mean, I always say the same stupid thing to myself. I say, you know, left eyebrow up, right eyebrow down, stick your mouth out as far as you can like you're trying to bite somebody's nose off and kind of growl with that irritability. You know, Trump is someone, to me, where the things I try to lock into and kind of hold onto just for that brief five minutes of the cold opening is that he's not having any fun. He doesn't shut up about how rich he is. He doesn't stop talking about how much money he has and how much privilege he has. And he just seems miserable. I mean, if he's an advertisement for wealth and privilege, then, good God, I think it's terrible. But anyway, so we did that. And he was always straining to find a stronger, better word in his language and never found it. So you'd have him pause. You know, Trump is always in there going, you know, (imitating Donald Trump) the people that I work with, they're just really, really the most fantastic people. They're fantastic. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: You know, he just always - you see him digging in some bin. He's, like, in a filing room looking for another word. And he'll say, (imitating Donald Trump) my son-in-law Jared is really just an amazing young guy. He's amazing. He's just amazing. I think he has, like, a glossary of about, like, 200 words. GROSS: So Trump has negative tweeted about "Saturday Night Live" and about you in particular. I'll read a couple of tweets. This is October 16 at 7:14 a.m. (Reading) Watched "Saturday Night Live..." BALDWIN: (Laughter). GROSS: ...Hit job on me. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election. December 4, 12:13 a.m. (Reading) Just tried watching "Saturday Night Live" - unwatchable, totally biased, not funny. And the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad. And you responded (reading) release your tax returns and I'll stop (laughter). BALDWIN: Yes. Yes. GROSS: He hasn't released them. You haven't stopped. BALDWIN: No, I'm still waiting. GROSS: What was your first reaction when you realized that Trump was tweeting about your impersonation? BALDWIN: It is kind of absurd. Well, I mean, regardless of whether you're the subject of those tweets or one of them - 'cause all those tweets are kind of a multiple warhead, you know. He takes on the show, he takes on the press, he takes on me. But I think it's absurd that he would be doing that in the direction of anybody - any kind of comedy programming that's parodying him or commenting on him, whether it was Jon Stewart in his day and so forth or Colbert now. I find it amazing that he's doing that. And then when you think about it's me that he's doing it with, I find that even more surreal. GROSS: So let's talk a little bit about your memoir "Nevertheless." One of the things I really enjoyed learning about you is that growing up in Long Island - Massapequa, Long Island, you watched a lot of old movies on TV. I grew up in New York City in Brooklyn and watched a lot of the same movie shows that you did - "The Late Show," "The Late Late Show," "The Early Show." What was the Sunday afternoon thing you mentioned? BALDWIN: "Picture For A Sunday Afternoon." GROSS: Yeah, "Picture For A Sunday Afternoon." And then you explain in your book that you bonded with your father watching, like, the late-night old movies on TV and you bonded with your mother when you faked being sick and stayed home from school and watched daytime TV with her. BALDWIN: Dinah Shore. GROSS: Yeah, so I just thought that's so interesting that you became an actor and, like, TV, you know, like, movies and TV were ways of bonding with your parents. But - so with the movies that you saw on TV, what are the movies that you saw the most that made the biggest impression, ones that you were able to watch over and over? BALDWIN: I guess, you know, when I was young, my dad - I'm perfectly willing to see now that what I loved and what I was doing and what I was opening up my mind to was to communicate with my dad. He would come home from work. He'd lay on this day bed in the den of our house. There was a TV. And I'd sit in a chair and, you know, this was his sacred time, his alone time. No one could get near him or really, really bother him in the evening 'cause, you know, he'd get home sometimes, you know, 10, 11 o'clock. And sometimes I think he stayed away. Maybe he pretended he had a job at night, and he was really just doing something else. But he was - it was tough. You know, he would come home and six kids and my mom - and I think everybody was just stressed out. And he'd be reading the capsule reviews in The Times' TV section. And my dad would say, wow, "How Green Was My Valley." That's a good one. At 11:30, I'd say, can we watch "How Green Was My Valley," Dad? I was 10 years old. He'd say, no, no, no. It's too late. He goes, well, let's just watch 10 minutes - 10 minutes, 15 minutes of "How Green Was My Valley" and you have to go to bed. I'd be like, sure, Dad, sure. It would work like a charm. TV comes on, "How Green Was My Valley," my dad passes out on the couch. He falls asleep, and I watch all of "How Green Was My Valley." I watched the whole thing. Some nights I actually got away with watching a piece of the next one that was on at, like, 1:15 in the morning. GROSS: In your memoir, you write that you learned lines from a lot of different films. So I'm going to ask you to do a passage from a film that you still remember. BALDWIN: (Laughter) Oh, God. GROSS: Yes? Yeah. BALDWIN: Well, I'll always remember, like, just lines that I used to think were funny. You know, like, those men - I loved men in movies who they always won. And they won in some funny way. Like, there's that time that Bogart has got - Elisha Cook Jr. has gotten him in the hotel. And he's walking him up to go meet Sydney Greenstreet in "Maltese Falcon." And he's got the gun on him. And Bogart disarms Elisha Cook Jr. And he gets the gun away from him and he points the gun at him and says, come on. And he says, that will get you in real good with your boss. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: And I just love things like that, where the guy - the hero wins. And they really were great bad guys. I mean, they were - they made the bad guys really bad, you know, really bad. And, you know, "Treasure Of The Sierra Madre" - what's three times $35,000? I bet you $105,000 you fall asleep before I do, he'd say to those guys. So all those movies - you know, Bogart was, like, the great one. He was such a great actor and so different and so unique. But Cagney, Bogart, Paul Muni, Edward G. Robinson... GROSS: Wait, wait, wait - I'm going to stop you. Everybody used to do impressions of Cagney. All the comics used to do impressions of Cagney when I was growing up. BALDWIN: Yeah, yeah - when I was a kid, yeah. GROSS: Did you have a Cagney impression? BALDWIN: Cagney was - well, I mean, I always get the line wrong because I went back and saw the movie "Public Enemy." I think he's got the guy in the trunk of the car where the guy goes - (imitating character) open up, open up. I can't breathe in here. I can't breathe. I don't have any air. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: And Cagney stands outside - Cagney goes, (imitating James Cagney) Air? You want air? I'll give you air - boom, boom, boom. And he shoots him through the trunk of the car. BALDWIN: And I thought, God, what a horrible thing to say. (Imitating James Cagney) You want air? I'll give you air. And we used to do that. I'd lay in bed next to my mother. My mother was trying to sleep. She would take naps every day. This was when I was like 10, and my mother had six little kids. You realize - I look now at my children, my young children, and I realized my mother had little children. So they need to be constantly watched. When the kids - when my brothers and I got to be, all of us, got to be 16, 15, 14, my mother just opened the door and kicked us out of the house. She said, I don't care what you do. Just make sure you don't get hit by a car but get out. And she banished us from the house in the driving snow. She evicted us from the house. She just didn't want us in the house so she wouldn't lose her marbles. And - but when I was a little boy and I lay in bed next to my mother, my mother would be sleeping. And in this very quiet voice, you'd hear me go, (imitating James Cagney) Air? You want air? I'll give you air. Boom, boom, boom. My mother would hit me and say... GROSS: You all... BALDWIN: ...Lie still. GROSS: (Laughter) You also used to watch "Chiller Theater" when you were growing up, which was the Saturday night late-night monster movie... BALDWIN: "Chiller," yeah. GROSS: ...That Zacherley hosted. And my older brother would watch that, and I was allowed to stay up for a few minutes of it. And it terrified me. I fell in love with monster movies, you know, 'cause the things that really scare you... BALDWIN: Sure. GROSS: ...Then you fall in love with afterwards. So... BALDWIN: Lugosi, all those movies. Well, Lugosi... GROSS: Yeah, what really scared you when you were young? Yeah. BALDWIN: Oh, "Dracula." I'd watch "Dracula" 50 times. (Imitating Bela Lugosi) Listen to them, children of the night. What music they make, he'd say. GROSS: I love that (laughter). BALDWIN: And then - love that one, and I love - my favorite line - Matthew Broderick and I always regale each other with our Claude Rains line readings from "Invisible Man" because we're "Invisible Man" junkies. And whenever Matthew and I see each other, we look at each other and say, (imitating Claude Rains) sit down, you fool, and let's have a decent fire... GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: ...Because he says that to his enemy in the film. And the very first movie that I watched with my dad that I was - that made me an addict - was we would watch "Million Dollar Movie." And "Sorry, Wrong Number" came on with Barbara Stanwyck and Burt Lancaster. And that movie scared the hell out of me. The idea that a man would pay people to kill his wife to collect the insurance - and I was probably 8 or 9 years old. And I was a complete idiot. I'd look at my dad and say, gee, Dad - I was like Dondi out of "Dondi" comics. I was like, gee, Dad, do people really do that, Dad? - pay people to kill their wives to get the insurance, Dad? My father would, like, glare over at my mother and go indeed they do, yes, indeed they do. GROSS: (Laughter). BIANCULLI: Alec Baldwin speaking to Terry Gross in 2017. He's nominated for an Emmy for his impersonation of President Donald Trump on "Saturday Night Live" for the second year in a row. He won last year. More after a break. This is FRESH AIR. (SOUNDBITE OF AWREEOH SONG, "CAN'T BRING ME DOWN") BIANCULLI: This is FRESH AIR. Let's get back to Terry's interview with actor Alec Baldwin. He's nominated this year for a guest actor Emmy Award for his portrayal of President Donald Trump on "Saturday Night Live." Terry spoke to him in 2017 when his memoir called "Nevertheless" was published. (SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST) GROSS: So you grew up in Massapequa, Long Island, and - you point out - not the affluent part. There were two high schools. Your father taught at the one where the more prosperous families sent their kids, and you went to the other one. Your father taught history and economics. He coached football and riflery. He chaperoned dances, supervised weekend recreation programs, directed one of the school district's summer camp programs. And you say he was strict with you because he'd seen what happens to kids who go off the track and who start drinking or using drugs. So in what way was he strict with you? BALDWIN: Well, my dad grew up in Brooklyn. And I think my dad just, you know, he saw a tough part of Brooklyn. He played football at Boys High. He went to Syracuse and played football, and he was around some pretty tough people. And they moved to a tough - to Fort Greene when Fort Greene was not a good area like it is now. It's all been built up. And I think when he moved out to Long Island, like a lot of city dads, it was almost like we didn't move out here for you to get it wrong, you know? And he didn't realize - well, I take that back. He did realize, but I think he was puzzled with how to deal with the fact that people that moved out from the city brought all of the problems of the city with them as well - 'cause kids that are unoccupied, they're going to do drugs and drink and party and things like that. So my dad was very, very - I'm not going to say menacing, but he was very, very forceful with us. He would, like, look at me and say - where are you going to go? I'd say, I'm going to go to my friend Jeff's house. He goes, what are you guys going to do? Did you leave the phone number with your mother? And everything was very calm and very officious. And then at the end he'd say, what time are you going to come home? I'd say, I'm going to be home at 10:30. And I'm tense the whole time. I mean, like, I'm waiting for the bomb to drop. He'd lean in and press his finger into my shoulder. And he'd say, if you're not back at this house at 10:30, I'm going to break every bone in your body. Do you understand me? And I was like, yes, yes. Oh, God. Oh, God. Yes. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: I was just terrified. I mean, that's what - other people who we grew up with, those dads had other things to withhold from their kids to control them. You can't use the boat this weekend. I'm going to take your car away. I'm going to take your allowance away. We had none of that. My father had nothing to give to us, you know, in addition to what was normal - our clothes and food and housing and if we needed money for certain - specific expenses related to our school and trips. But he wasn't handing out allowances ever. That was just - it didn't happen. We had to go out and earn our own money. And so the only thing he had was the fear program. GROSS: Did he ever use the threats? Did he ever... BALDWIN: I mean, there were times my dad would, like, you know, grab you by the shirt and, like, slam you up against the wall when you were, like, 15. That was a different generation. I mean, my dad wasn't somebody who was beating us with a pool cue. But he was someone who would - and every time he'd lose his temper and he'd grab you - and he was a pretty tough guy. My father was a very physically powerful, very tough guy when he was, especially when he was younger. He deteriorated very quickly in his 50s and died when he was 55 years old of cancer. But he never really got a chance to see me do what I do. I was doing this daytime TV show, which was fun. And it was important 'cause it was the beginning for me. But I just think about what I would have done to - you know, to show my dad how much I loved him and cared about him, too. You know, he - my dad was somebody who if - you know, I would have sent him around the world 10 times to enjoy himself to pay him back for what he did for me. GROSS: How did you decide to pursue acting in the first place? You were interested in politics. You ran for the president of George Washington University when you were a student there. You lost. And then it seems like a big switch from politics and history to acting. BALDWIN: Well, I think that, you know, the year ahead of me was kind of a gut year, as they used to say. I don't know if they use that term now. But I had done all my hard classes in my sophomore and junior year and got involved in student politics 'cause it interested me to a degree. And I wanted to go into politics and run for office and get a law degree to help supplement that or help to facilitate that. So I - my girlfriend broke up with me. I was in love with this woman when I was very young, and she said, I can't be with you 'cause you're not Jewish. Her grandparents told her to break up with me, and she did. Her grandparents said lose the shegetz boyfriend. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: And she did. And I go to visit a friend of mine. She says, why don't you audition for the acting program? I auditioned for the program. And I think, because I was... GROSS: Why did they say audition for the acting - like, what evidence was there that you had any... BALDWIN: I would hang out with them, and they'd say, oh, you're so funny. And, you're so cheery. GROSS: Oh, OK. BALDWIN: And you're such an animated person. GROSS: Were you doing impressions for them, too, of your favorite movie lines? BALDWIN: I would do - yeah. Air? You want air? GROSS: (Laughter) Right. BALDWIN: I'll give you air. GROSS: Right. BALDWIN: Whatever you were doing, your shtick. And then the next thing you know, a friend of mine, who was at NYU, her roommate was in the acting program. I went to visit my friend, and her roommate said, my God, you should audition for the program just for the hell of it. And I did. And I got in, and they gave me a need-based scholarship for the whole year there. And the joke in my family is that I called my parents, and my mother was apoplectic. I mean, she was screaming on the phone. What is wrong with you? And I said, I'm going to leave GW to go to NYU to study acting. And I said, now, Mom and Dad - I said, when I go back to New York as a returning New Yorker, I'm eligible for all of this financial aid that I lost when I left town. So when I went to D.C. - so actually, NYU was more expensive than GW, but it's going to cost you less money. And my father literally went, well, let's hear him out. Let's hear him out. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: And I moved there, and I said to myself, I'll do this for a year - one year only. I'll study. And if I get any kind of encouragement that I might have a career in this, I'll do it. And if I don't, I'm out. I'll go back to - I'll finish my poly-sci program and go to law school, and that's that. And I did the program for a year and got out. And I got a job right away, and I never stopped working since then. GROSS: Just one more question. I haven't heard you as the announcer of the New York Philharmonic radio broadcasts. I know you fell in love with classical music being stuck in traffic jams in LA and listening to the radio. Do you do, like, an announcer voice, the kind of voice you grew up with? BALDWIN: Yes. The guy that was the booth announcer, Robert Malley (ph), who was on the WOR booth announcer - they'd have the guy live in the booth in case there was a technical difficulty in the pre-digital age. And Malley would say, next on "Million Dollar Movie," Barbara Stanwyck tells Gary Cooper where he can go on "Ball Of Fire." And I used to sit there and go, my God. And when I did the Philharmonic, they'd say to me, you've got to articulate because you're going to be saying names. It took me 40 minutes to learn how to say Christoph von Dohnanyi. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: I was reading it going what the - Christoph. I'd say the Berlioz Symphonie fantastique Christoph von Dohnanyi conducts the New York Philharmonic. And I always pop the word New York 'cause I'm marketing. I'm selling. So I always go, this is the "Mahler Ninth Symphony." Lorin Maazel conducts the New York Philharmonic 'cause I'm helping to sell the product. GROSS: (Laughter). BALDWIN: I'm a pitch man. I'm a pitch man. Anyway, thank you so much. GROSS: Alec Baldwin, thank you so much. BALDWIN: I love your show. Thank you for having me. GROSS: I'm so - thank you for doing it. BIANCULLI: Alec Baldwin speaking to Terry Gross in 2017. He's nominated this year for a guest actor Emmy Award for his portrayal of President Donald Trump on "Saturday Night Live." After a break, we'll hear from another of this year's Emmy nominees, Brian Tyree Henry nominated for two Emmys. One is for his role as Paper Boi on the FX series "Atlanta," and the other is for his guest appearance on "This Is Us." We'll also remember choreographer Paul Taylor who died Wednesday at age 88. I'm David Bianculli, and this is FRESH AIR. 	null
Brief: Library introduces new literacy-math program 	The Whitman County Library plans to start the Crazy 8s Club, a recreational math program that aligns with common core state standards. Library branches in Tekoa, St. John and Colfax are host locations to the club. Activities are designed for small groups of 12-16 children at different age levels. Space for the program is limited. Contact local branches for availability information, dates and times by visiting the Whitman County Library, www.bedtimemath.org or calling the library at (877) 733-3375.	education
Kerry Logistics’ profits grow by double digits in H1 2018	Today, Hong-Kong based 3PL Kerry Logistics released its H1 2018 interim results, which show a 22 percent year-over-year increase in core net profit to about US$89 million. “Although the world economy experienced growth in H1 2018, global demand has been flat,” said William Ma, group managing director of Kerry Logistics. “Nevertheless, the China-U.S. trade dispute […] Please login to your Air Cargo World account to continue reading. 	transportation
Dutch anti-Islam lawmaker cancels Prophet cartoon contest	THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — A Dutch anti-Islam lawmaker canceled a planned Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest Thursday following death threats and concerns other people could be put at risk. "To avoid the risk of victims of Islamic violence, I have decided not to let the cartoon contest go ahead," far-right opposition politician Geert Wilders said in a written statement. Wilders, who for years has lived under round-the-clock protection because of death threats sparked by his fierce anti-Islam rhetoric, said he does not want others endangered by the contest he planned for November. The planned contest sparked angry protests in Pakistan and a death threat this week from a 26-year-old man, reportedly a Pakistani, who was arrested Tuesday in The Hague. Physical depictions of the prophet are forbidden in Islam and deeply offensive to Muslims. "It's not just about me," Wilders said in the statement. Strong opponents of the event "see not only me, but the entire Netherlands as a target." The contest was to have been held at the tightly guarded offices of his Party for Freedom in the Dutch parliament building. Earlier Thursday, a Dutch judge extended by two weeks the detention of the man who allegedly threatened to attack Wilders. Prosecutors said in a statement that an investigating judge ordered the suspect held while he is investigated on charges of making a terrorist threat, making preparations for a terrorist murder and incitement. The Dutch government had been at pains to distance itself from the contest. Prime Minister Mark Rutte last week questioned Wilders' motive for organizing the contest. "His aim is not to have a debate about Islam. His aim is to be provocative," the prime minister said. However, Rutte added that people in the Netherlands have far-reaching freedom of speech rights and the government did not intend to seek the contest's cancellation. In a clear indication of the anger Wilders had generated, thousands of hard-line Islamists marched toward Pakistan's capital Thursday in protest. Some 10,000 supporters of the Tehreek-i-Labaik group, which helped Imran Khan to become prime minister following last month's national elections, set out on the march Wednesday, calling on Khan to cut diplomatic ties with the Netherlands.	legal
Blue Angels to Receive "Super Hornet" Upgrade 	Demonstration team will receive 11 upgraded aircraft. The Blue Angels fleet will be upgraded to the F/A 18 “Super Hornet” within the next two years, according to a Department of Defense contract. The Boeing Company’s St. Louis facility has been awarded $17 million for retrofit kits to turn nine F/A-18E and two F/A-18F fighter jets into the newest Blue Angel demonstrator aircraft. The work will take place in St. Louis and is expected to be completed in December of 2021. This upgrade will be the ninth change in aircraft type for the demonstrators since 1946. The Super Hornet is larger, has a greater range, and can carry more weapons than the older F/A-18 models, FlightGlobal reported. The F/A-18E is the single-seat Super Hornet, while the F/A-18F has two seats. The Blue Angels say each show involves three flights that involve the need for a back seat. A media representative takes part in one flight, while the other two contain Key Influencers, who are specially chosen to promote the Navy and the Marine Corps. The Blue Angels said turning a current F/A-18 aircraft into a demonstrator requires removal of the nose cannon, installing a smoke-oil tank and adding a spring to the control stick that applies additional stick pressure, improving control for formation and inverted flying. Each aircraft has the ability to be returned back to combat duty aboard an aircraft carrier within 72 hours. AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from Flying Swift Fuels Finds Own Path to Unleaded Fuel Replacement CubCrafters’ XCub Certified in Canada and Japan SkyRyse Introduces Advanced Automation to VTOL Aircraft Visit site 	airline
The Latest: Aretha Franklin's body arrives at Detroit church 	Aretha Franklin's body has arrived at a Detroit church where her funeral is being held Friday. Franklin's white hearse arrived more than two hours before the service is scheduled to start at 10 a.m. Eastern. Fans have been lined up for hours outside the Greater Grace Temple awaiting the chance to attend the service, which will feature performances by Stevie Wonder, Ariana Grande, Jennifer Hudson and speeches by former President Bill Clinton, the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Smokey Robinson. Among those honoring Franklin Friday are about two dozen owners of Pink Cadillacs who arrived at the church early Friday. The tribute is a nod to Franklin's funky '80s tune, "Freeway of Love," which prominently featured the car in the lyrics and video. 12 a.m. Organizers of Aretha Franklin's funeral insist it will be a spirit-filled service, not a show. Yet there's no denying the star-power attending the Queen of Soul's final send-off. The speakers at Friday's invitation-only funeral at Detroit's Greater Grace Temple include former President Bill Clinton, the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Smokey Robinson. Singers include Steve Wonder, Ariana Grande, Jennifer Hudson, Faith Hill and Chaka Khan. Greater Grace's Bishop Charles Ellis III says he wants all — even the famous — to leave with a "spiritual awakening." Still, the get-down and uplift can certainly coexist. Another performer, gospel artist Marvin Sapp, expects "an eye-opening experience." He adds the "dearly departed" want a celebration to mark their transition "from this life to a better one." Franklin died Aug. 16 of pancreatic cancer at 76.	entertainment
METH AND MARIJUANA CHARGES FOR DRIVER AND 2 PASSENGERS, GPD MAKE ARREST	On Tuesday,The Glasgow Police Dept. conducted a traffic stop on Happy Valley Road. Officer Hicks made contact with Steven Hoffman and determined that his operator license was suspended and he had active warrants for his arrest. Officer Hicks received consent to search of the vehicle and located digital scales, Marijuana and Methamphetamine. Steven Hoffman (age 25) of Smiths Grove Ky., was arrested and charged with Failure Of Non-Owner Operator To Maintain Required Insurance 1st Offense, No Registration Plates, Operating On Suspended Or Revoked Operator License, Possession Control Substance 1st Degree 1st Offense (Methamphetamine), Possession Of Marijuana, Possession Drug Paraphernalia. A passenger in the front seat identified as Eddie Cook (age 29) of Glasgow Ky., was arrested and charged with Possession Control Substance 1st Degree 2nd Offense (Methamphetamine), Possession Drug Paraphernalia, Display Or Possession Of Cancelled Or Fictitious Operator License, Possession Of Marijuana. A passenger in the back seat identified as Isabella Harvey (age 20) of Oakland Ky., was arrested and charged with Possession Control Substance 1st Degree 1st Offense (Methamphetamine), Possession Drug Paraphernalia, Possession Of Marijuana, Theft Of Identity Of Another Without Consent after she provided Officer Hicks with another identity. It was determined that she also had active warrants for her arrest. The arrest was made by Officer Wesley Hicks, assisted by Officer Christopher Poynter and Detective Ashley Jones. 	transportation
Oregon hunter rescued after hanging upside down in tree for 2 days	An Oregon hunter is in critical condition and in a drug-induced coma after falling out of his tree stand and hanging upside down in his harness for two days, KTVZ reported. Eddie Voelker, 70, was hunting about 20 miles east of Ukiah, the East Oregonian reported. He became tangled in his safety harness when he fell out of his tree stand and was suspended 30 feet above the ground, the newspaper reported. According to a news release from the Union County Sheriff’s Office, a hunter found Voelker on Tuesday morning and drove to a nearby highway to get cellphone reception so he could call 911, The Observer of LaGrande, Oregon, reported. Sheriff’s deputies from Union and Umatilla counties removed Voelker with a bucket truck, KTVZ reported. Voelker was taken to a hospital in Richland, Washington, the television station reported.	null
2 burned by angry mob in central Mexico	MEXICO CITY (AP) — Authorities across Mexico published warnings not to believe fake social media reports about child abductions on Friday after rumors led to a series of brutal mob killings. At least four people have been beaten and burned to death this week after false reports circulated saying that children had been kidnapped. Two men were torched by an angry mob in the state of Puebla on Wednesday. A day later, a man and woman were dragged from their vehicle, beaten and set afire in the neighboring state of Hidalgo, according to state prosecutor Raul Arroyo. Hours before the latter incident, the Hidalgo prosecutors' office published a replica of a WhatsApp message rife with misspellings, labeling it "False." The message read: "Please everyone be alert because a plague of child kidnappers has entered the country, it appears that these criminals are involved in organ trafficking, given that in the last few days children aged 4, 8 and 14 have disappeared and some of these kids have been found dead with signs that their organs were removed, their abdomens were opened and they were empty." Medical experts have long said that organs that are not harvested in a medical setting are unlikely to be usable for sale. But the rumor has made its way across Mexico over the years, spurring violence each time it springs up afresh. "These rumors are totally false," said Hidalgo public safety chief Mauricio Delmar in a news conference Thursday night. "They have already cost lives." He said there were no reports of abducted children in the state, and a cybercrimes team determined that photos circulating online came from another country and had nothing to do with the harvesting of organs. He warned that a "collective psychosis" had taken hold of people. Hidalgo state interior secretary Simon Vargas pleaded that "no one must take justice into their own hands." "This is a phenomenon that is occurring nationwide," added Jose Arturo Delgado, who coordinates the missing-persons alert system for the Puebla prosecutors' office. He also said there have been no confirmed cases of child-snatching in the state. The state of Jalisco issued a similar warning about rumors earlier this week. But such false reports are not new. In 1998, two men were bound, beaten and hanged in the town square of Huejutla in Puebla. The men were suspected of trying to kidnap four local girls to sell their organs, although prosecutors said there was no evidence that was true. In 2015, residents of Ajalpan, Puebla beat to death two young men who were asking questions in the town. Rumors spread that children were being kidnapped, but it turned out that the men were conducting a commercial survey about tortilla consumption. According to a study published in 2015 by researcher Leandro Anibal Gamallo, lynchings in Mexico appear to have spiked randomly. There were 23 such cases in 2001. That number rose to 49 in 2005 and fell again to 21 in 2006. There were 64 lynchings in 2011, the latest year included in the study. Arroyo said the preliminary investigation of the incident in Hidalgo showed that a mob in the city of Santa Ana Ahuehuepan doused a man and woman with gasoline and set them aflame. The man died at the scene and the woman died at a hospital. In the case of the two men burned to death by an angry, cheering mob in the town of Acatlan in Puebla on Wednesday, prosecutors said the victims were farmers and there was no evidence they were involved in any crime. On cell phone videos of the killings, townspeople cheered, applauded and shouted "Long live the people!" as the bodies of the men were smoked.	null
Hilary Duff 'laughs off' critics 	Hilary Duff "laughs off" her parenting critics. The 'Younger' star - who has six-year-old son Luca from her marriage to Mike Comrie and is expecting a baby with her partner Matthew Koma - is fed up of constantly coming under fire from others for the way she parents her son. She said: "I've seen stuff on the internet a couple years back when we were at Disneyland and I posted a picture of Luca and I kissing on the lips. People were like, 'That's disgusting.' First of all, he was 3. Kiss your kids, and anyone who doesn't like it can hit unfollow. Not interested in what you have to say. People can be like, 'Oh you're holding that child? He's 6.' Yeah I swing him over my head, when his legs are tired I hold him - it's a little hard right now - but yeah, I give piggyback rides. People just have all these crazy judgments, and I think it's best to not listen and laugh it off." Hilary told InStyle magazine: "I was also shooting in New York at the time, so I waited a little bit to tell him until I could be home with him. But I think he's going to be a great big brother. He's such a sweet kid and has such a gentle soul, so I know he's going to be great with her. Sometimes he's still paranoid, thinking she's going to drool on his toys. "But here's the thing, by the time she is able to crawl around your playroom, [he's] not going to be interested in the stuff. I was trying to put it into perspective for him. But he's sweet, he'll rub my belly now and say hi and bye, or good morning to her. Other times he's humorous about it. Like he told his friend at school that he's having a half sister, half red butt monkey. Cool, OK. He thinks it's really funny, so I let him have it." AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	entertainment
Pflugerville officer's daughter with rare blood disease in desperate need of bone marrow donor 	They often put their lives on the line to help us, but now the law enforcement community in Pflugerville needs your help. Doctors diagnosed an officer's daughter with rare blood disease, and they fear time may be running out. Pflugerville Police Sgt. Kurk Anderson and his wife, Kimberly, found out in late August why bruises on 9-year-old Camryn's body weren't healing: her bone marrow wasn't making blood cells anymore. Doctors told them the only cure for aplastic anemia is a bone marrow transplant. They're waiting to find out whether Camryn's brother is a match. But if he isn't, they're hoping you may be the match Camryn needs to live. "It's not good. The doctor's prognosis is probably about a year without a bone marrow transplant. That's why it's so important this information gets out there. People need to know to go and donate," Camry's dad, Kurk, said. If Camryn finds a match, she and her parents will have to move away from Austin to a bigger city for at least three months where doctors can properly treat her. Kurk and Kimberly said that temporary move will cost a lot, so they're raising money to pay for their expenses. If you'd like to find out if you can help Camryn, join Be The Match. AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from KVUE-TV SWAT called out to Round Rock neighborhood, Williamson County officials say Westlake boutique hotel project set for Nov. 1 opening KVUE weather team addresses Farmer's Alamanac 'teeth-chattering' winter prediction for Texas Visit site 	healthcare&biotechnology
Businesswoman arrested with two infants	A Kitale businesswoman has been arrested after she was found with two babies she claims she bought from a nurse at a hospital in Vihiga County. Kibomet location chief Selina Opande apprehended the suspect at Madaraka estate following a tip-off from the public. ALSO READ: SCHOOL GAMES: Trans Nzoia, St Anthony’s edge close to regional trophy The 45-year-old suspect told the administrator that she bought the babies for Sh50,000 from a nurse two weeks ago. According to a neighbour, people became suspicious after they saw the woman with the babies, yet they had not seen her pregnant. “We know the woman and we became suspicious when she brought the babies from a unknown place about two weeks ago and started taking care of them,” said the neighbour who declined to be named. Mrs Opande said the suspect confessed that she was barren and had decided to look for ways of adopting children. “She said she bought the one-month-old baby for Sh20,000 and the one-week-old one for Sh30,000,” Opande told The Standard. Avoid fake news! Subscribe to the Standard SMS service and receive factual, verified breaking news as it happens. Text the word 'NEWS' to 22840 The administrator handed the suspect to Kitale Police Station. The woman is married and runs businesses in Kitale and Lodwar. The suspect’s husband was not at home during the arrest as he was said to be on a business trip to Turkana County. ALSO READ: Youths told to take up agribusiness County Commander Samson ole Kine said the woman was helping police with investigations. “It is true we are holding the suspect to establish how she got the babies before we prefer charges against her. We are also working with our counterparts in Mbale to get to the bottom of the matter,” said Kine. The incident comes in the wake of disappearance of babies from some health facilities across the county. 	null
Health care cost measure is a mess in Livermore 	Livermore voters will face an initiative on the Nov. 6 ballot that simply should not be decided by voters. Measure U asks voters give the city the authority to regulate health care costs and ensure that they do not exceed 15 percent of the “reasonable cost of direct patient care.” The initiative was circulated by the Service Employees International Union Healthcare Workers West. The union gathered enough signatures to require the City Council to either put it on the ballot or adopt the measure. Palo Alto voters face a similar measure, while the union dropped the measure in Pleasanton when it failed to gather enough signatures. Here’s wishing that Livermore voters paid a bit more attention before signing the petitions. This is not a local measure. It should be debated in the Legislature, as frightening as that thought is (remember, the state Senate passed a single-payer health care plan last year that was devoid of any details or funding mechanism—fortunately Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon acted like an adult and never brought the measure forward). That said, the SEIU healthcare workers long have targeted Stanford Health Care-Valley to try and organize the workers. It’s no accident that Stanford’s home, Palo Alto, has a similar measure. The city challenged the petition in court, but Judge Kimberly L. Colwell denied the city’s request to keep the measure off the ballot. The Kaiser Foundation, Stanford/Valley Care, the California Hospital Association and the American Hospital Association all submitted briefs supporting the city’s position. If voters approve the measure (look for some hefty campaign expenditures from local hospitals and health care providers), it requires the city to allocate money from the general fund to allow the Community Development Dept. to gather the information, evaluate it, determine if rebates are required and then make the information publicly available. The city’s analysis of the measure estimated annual costs of $1.9 million after $750,000 of set-up costs. While the city lost the case it filed, it also came up short on a challenge to the ballot language. The city attorney will have to rewrite the summary of the measure after Judge Colwell granted a writ of mandate Tuesday to Livermore resident Linda Guthrie. That will have to be done quickly because the ballot deadline looms quickly. The new language, presumably, will have to be approved by the SEIU and potentially the judge. Livermore Mayor John Marchand had it right in an East Bay Times article when he was quoted, “This is really a sledgehammer to resolve this. This is a labor dispute.” It’s easy to be frustrated with the health care system since ObamaCare blew it up and sent costs soaring. Demanding a local municipality become the cost control agent is simply crazy. 	healthcare&biotechnology
Leaves changing color early could mean big problems 	LEXINGTON, KY. (WYMT/WKYT) - Fall is near and that means great weather and pretty colors will begin to show up in Eastern Kentucky. WKYT reports that officials say some of us may have seen some of the colors a bit too early. Officials say that could be a part of a bigger problem. While many think the weather could be causing the change, experts say it's actually been a good weather year for the trees. Leaves can change early for many reasons like stress, insects and disease. "This is bacterial leaf scorch. it's a regular problem and while it can affect many trees, it's a big issue for our mature pin oaks, red oaks," said Ellen Crocker, a Post Doctoral Scholar with the Kentucky Forestry Extension group. Trees that are planted and surrounded by concrete can have more stress than normal as their roots have less room to spread and the ability to access water. This can attribute to leaves changing colors earlier than normal. 	null
Washingtonian Today: To Air Is Humid	Holá, Washingtonians, and happy Thursday. Some good news: it is almost Friday. Even better news: a sprinkling of rain may bring us a much needed cool-down. Let’s take a look at what’s going on around the District: Paul Manafort really, really does not want his next trial to be in DC; Hamilton performers had to throw away their shot and cancel a showing when the Kennedy Center A/C stopped working; and the District prepares for the arrival of late Senator John McCain‘s body. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more updates throughout the day. What we have cooking at Washingtonian: •  These pieces of garbage art are anything but trash. We scouted some of the best Dumpster-diving art around town. • Sorry, Annandale. DC’s about to get a Korean pub and grill where diners can nom on “tornado potatoes” and bulgogi-seasoned beef jerky. • There’s a maze in Maryland made out of maize. Double surprise, it’s dedicated to the Cap’s Stanley Cup Win. • Put away your Michelin star lists and Zagat guidebooks, people. We ate at the lowest-Yelp-rated restaurants around the city—including TGIFridays, where every hour is happy hour—and you’d be surprised at what we found.	null
The next iPhones, Apple Watch leak as company preps for Sept. 12 event	Apple may be preparing to announce new iPhones, iPads and Apple Watches on Sept. 12, but it looks like someone has decided to share the images of the new products a bit early. Just hours after Apple sent out media invitations to its next big event, Apple blog 9to5Mac shared images purporting to be of the two new high-end iPhone X successors as well as the new Apple Watch. The site says it expects the new devices to be called the iPhone XS, following the "S" naming convention Apple has previously used during years it upgrades the internal specs of the phones without giving the devices any major makeovers. The new iPhones in the images are similar in appearance to the iPhone X announced last year, complete with a "notch" along the top of the display for the phone's front camera and Face ID sensors. New: A larger, potentially "plus" model that will have a 6.5-inch screen to go along with the updated 5.8-inch model. Apple did not immediately respond to a USA TODAY request for comment. According to earlier reports displays are expected to be OLED – just like the iPhone X's – and according to 9to5Mac's leaked image, the new phones will also be available in a gold version. The iPhone X currently is only available in black or white. The images appear to be similar to the marketing materials Apple traditionally uses to show off its new devices. A third iPhone is also expected at Apple's event in September. While it will resemble the iPhone X and new iPhone XS models, this third iPhone is said to have a 6.1-inch display and be available in multiple colors. It is also expected to be more affordable than the iPhone X replacements, using less premium components such as LCD displays instead of the more vibrant OLED, according to Bloomberg. In addition to images of two of the new iPhones, the site also appears to have gotten ahold of an image of Apple's new Apple Watch Series 4. As with the iPhone leak, it appears that the Watch image was also part of marketing materials. While it is hard to tell too much from the image, the leak does appear to confirm earlier rumors that Apple will be giving the Apple Watch its first redesign, increasing the size of the display by shrinking the bezels around the screen. While not a major overhaul, prior Apple Watch versions mostly featured internal updates such as faster processors, waterproofing and the ability to get 4G LTE cellular connectivity. Pricing, availability and full specs all still remain a mystery. Those details, as well as the rumored new iPads and Macs, should be revealed at Apple's event on Sept. 12. Assuming they don't leak out first. 	manufacture
Mark Ronson shares Michael Jackson mash-up song 'Diamonds are Invincible'	The Thriller and Billie Jean star died in 2009, aged just 50. The crown was installed on London's Southbank (Picture: Nils Jorgensen/REX/Shutterstock) Happy birthday MJ! USA pop star and entertainer Michael Jackson flashes the victory sign after receiving the lifetime achievement medal from the Guinness book of records in Hollywood on 19 May 1993. The artwork for the 2010 posthumous album Michael. Variety points out that Modabber's statement is somewhat different, claiming only that Jackson sang "on" the songs, which could be interpreted as an indication that an impersonator's vocals might have been used to enhance the finished product. And whatever is on her wrists... ugh. "You can see her with a worry on her face looking around", the resident told Click2Houston. Home security cameras have recorded numerous freakish incidents of strangers ringing the bell or knocking, often late at night. Arguments in the case were heard on August 21 in an appeal that actually put the main case on hold. Judges ruled that Sony and the estate did not know whether Jackson sang on the three songs in question, so they were not liable for the charges filed by a fan. 'Well it is an album - and it's really his estate - well, it is an album, from his estate... TMZ obtained the one-minute video, and to say the least, Janet nailed it. Regardless of the appeal, the lawsuit may indeed have the backing of some influential people close to the late pop icon: his own family. 	entertainment
Vinings Village Civic Club hosting meeting on road project plans 	The Vinings Village Civic Club will meet Sept. 10 at 6:30 p.m. at the Cochise Club with an important program regarding changes to the heart of Vinings. Cal Dortch and Kipp Bois will present plans on two significant community projects. Dortch, founder and board member of the Vinings Community Conservation Alliance, will share county/community plans for the intersection at Paces Ferry and Paces Mill roads. Bois, an alliance board member and community advocate, will present plans on the proposed Vinings Bypass, which aims to reduce westward traffic passing through the community. All are welcome to attend. For more information, contact Barbara Limardo at blimardo@hotmail.com or 770-432-2347.	non-profit&civilorganization
Pumpkin Spice Protein Breakfast Cookie	Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix oats, pumpkin, milk powder, soy protein isolate, flour, sucralose sweetener, cinnamon, and baking powder together in a medium bowl. Flatten dough out onto the baking sheet to form 1 large cookie, or scoop dough into smaller cookies. Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 20 minutes. 	food
Accentuate the positive, eliminate the negative	There was a song sung by Johnny Mercer in 1945 entitled, “Accentuate the Positive.” The lyrics included a line that said, “Accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative.” Another line said, “You gotta have faith.” We could use a little more positive energy and a little less negative energy in our culture and society today. We waste to much time tearing each other down rather than building each other up. We have divided ourselves into groups based on politics, race, religion, and philosophy. We spend more time in the negative endeavors of building fences to separate us than we do in the positive pursuit of building bridges to connect us. Our national elected representatives, in all branches of government, and the majority of the national media outlets go out of their way with their rhetoric and comments to accentuate the negative. Sadly, “We the People” have not done much to demand an end to all the negativity in Washington and in the media. We have forgotten the admonishments found in the scriptures that say, “Judge not les Ye be judged”, and “Why do you talk about the splinter in your brother’s eye and cannot see the log in your own eye.” I have just about given up on our politicians and on the media. In this season of my life, I am just trying to set a positive example for my grandchildren. I often remind them that their “Attitude will determine their Altitude.” When the grandkids were little, I use to read them the book, “The Little Engine That Could.” It is a story about a little train pulling a big load up a long hill. All the way up the hill the little Engine was huffing and puffing and saying over and over to himself, “I think I can, I think I can, I think I can.” I am trying my best to teach my grandchildren that through faith, hard work, and a positive attitude all things are possible. I also tell them not to waste time worrying about things. It is a waste of time. I tell them, “Do your best, don’t sweat the rest, and life won’t be such a mess.” I tell my grandchildren that each new day brings brand new opportunities.  “You have a choice each new day as to whether you will accentuate the positive or embrace the negative.  Put a smile on your face, love in your heart, and make every day a great day.” The scriptures say, “As a man thinketh so he is.” I picked up the habit some time ago of answering the greeting, “How are you doing?” by replying, “Finer than frog hair split three ways.” Some of my friends who followed me in my travels through the cities and villages of the Ukraine told me they could always tell where I had been working with children. I ask them how they knew, and they replied, “Because when we ask children how they were doing they would answer, “Finer than frog hair split three ways.” A positive attitude can be contagious. So can a negative attitude.  I used to have a one-word sign over my office door. That one word was “Choices”. I guess it is up to each one of us as to whether we choose be carriers of positivity or negativity. None of us can do everything necessary to change the negativity that seems to have beset our culture and society. Perhaps if we all did a little to accentuate the positive, all the little things would add up to be a lot. “A positive attitude gives power over circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.”	evergreen
Cannabis extract could form basis of new anti-psychotic treatments	Once upon a time you'd mostly hear the likes of Cheech and Chong singing the praises of marijuana, but nowadays doctors and scientists are joining in. Compounds like cannabidiol (CBD) are of particular interest, since they've been found to impart benefits to the brain without the negative "stoned" side-effects. Now, researchers at King's College London have shown that CBD could help reset the brain abnormalities found in people suffering from psychosis. Of all the cannabinoids that marijuana contains, THC is the most (in)famous. As the principal psychoactive compound, this is the stuff that's largely responsible for hallucinations, the feeling of getting high, and the reduced ability to distinguish between what's real and what's not. But CBD could be the yin to THC's yang. Recent studies have found that its neurological and behavioral effects on people are almost the opposite, with evidence suggesting it can calm anxiety and relieve pain. Recently it even gained FDA approval as a treatment to reduce seizures in children with a rare form of epilepsy. Since psychosis has a similar symptom list as THC – specifically the trouble in figuring out what's real – scientists have been studying CBD as a possible anti-psychotic drug. Results so far are promising, although the exact mechanism behind it is still unknown. To investigate further, the King's College researchers tested cannabidiol on a group of young people who were beginning to show psychotic symptoms. Of the 33 test subjects, 16 received a single dose of CBD while the remaining 17 had a placebo, and these were compared to a control group of 19 others. After their dose, the participants then performed a memory task specifically designed to involve three brain regions that play a part in psychosis. This was done inside an MRI scanner, to monitor brain activity. The results showed that abnormal brain activity was less severe in patients who received cannabidiol compared to those who had a placebo. Of course, that's a pretty small test group, but the results are interesting enough that the King's College team is now planning to launch a large-scale trial into the possible anti-psychotic benefits of cannabidiol. "There is an urgent need for a safe treatment for young people at risk of psychosis," says Sagnik Bhattacharyya, an author on the study. "One of the main advantages of cannabidiol is that it is safe and seems to be very well tolerated, making it in some ways an ideal treatment. If successful, this trial will provide definitive proof of cannabidiol's role as an antipsychotic treatment and pave the way for use in the clinic." 	healthcare&biotechnology
Broadway Friends and Family Remember Neil Simon: ‘We Will Not See His Like Again’ 	Matthew Broderick, Nathan Lane, Christine Baranski, Elizabeth Ashley, Sarah Jessica Parker, Stockard Channing, and Marsha Mason were among the friends and family members who turned out Thursday evening to observe Broadway’s ultimate tribute to a fallen legend: the dimming of the lights in honor of prolific playwright Neil Simon. Simon, who died Sunday at the age of 91, was remembered with warmth and affection at a memorial service held Thursday afternoon at Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel on the Upper East Side. Attendees then made the trek down to Sardi’s, the famed Main Stem eatery, for a reception. At 6:30 p.m. ET sharp, the group made their way out of the restaurant and across the Shubert Alley connecting 44th and 45th streets for prime viewing of the Great White Way’s marquee lights going dark for a minute in tribute to the scribe behind “Barefoot in the Park,” “The Odd Couple,” “Brighton Beach Memoirs,” and numerous other hits. Others spotted in the crowd included Joyce Van Patten, Lee Grant, and director Rob Marshall. Speakers at the service included Lane, Broderick, Baranski, longtime Simon publicist Bill Evans, and Simon daughters Ellen Simon and Nancy Simon. “It was beautiful, simple, and very moving,” said actor John Slattery of the memorial service. Slattery, who attended with his wife, actor Talia Balsam, co-starred in the Broadway production of Simon’s “Laughter on the 23rd Floor” in 1993. Richard Benjamin, veteran director and actor who worked with Simon on several stage and film projects, said the service was notable because “everybody spoke so well.” The celebration of Simon’s life reinforced his incredible legacy as a scribe active in stage, film, and TV. “We will not see his like again,” Benjamin said. Charlotte St. Martin, president of the Broadway League, echoed that sentiment. “He made an impact like no other,” she said. The legacy of Simon’s work and generosity was evident in how many attendees credited his productions with changing the course of their careers. James L. Nederlander, president of Broadway’s powerhouse Nederlander Organization, ticked off Simon’s impressive stats: “He wrote 32 plays, and 17 were hits. Let’s try duplicating that again,” he said. “You could feel the love. And you know (Simon) was there taking notes.” Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts! AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon More from Variety California State Assembly Passes Nation’s Toughest Net Neutrality Law Imelda Staunton, Geraldine James Join ‘Downton Abbey’ Movie Harrison Ford’s ‘Call of the Wild’ Adds Colin Woodell (EXCLUSIVE) Visit site 	entertainment
‘Fortnite’ Patch 5.21 Brings in a New Heavy Sniper Rifle and the Soaring 50’s Limited Time Mode for Battle Royale	Fortnite (Free) downtime for patch 5.21 just ended and the update brings a new Limited Time Mode to the fray. While the last few updates have added some nice features for iOS users like motion controls, this one focusses on the new weapon addition and the new Limited Time Mode. While the iOS version of Fortnite is available for all, you still need an invite to the beta for the Android version which is slowly opening up to more devices. The Soaring 50’s mode is a new take on the usual 50v50 mode we’ve had for a while. You will need to move more often here and your glider can be used when you jump off large heights. The focus on mobility extends to the map as well with more Bounce Pads and Launch Pads spawning across the different areas. You can deploy your glider by tapping the jump button while mid-air and higher than 10m up. A Heavy Sniper Rifle has been added to Battle Royale. It is available in Epic and Legendary variants and can be found in the usual loot locations and vending machines. While the reload takes a while, it packs a punch and deals larger damage to buildings. If you do play Fortnite, we have a dedicated channel in our Discord. Make sure to join our Discord channel here to squad up and get some Victory Royales. 	videogame
The Big Picture	Every few years it seems, a critic declares that painting is back (!). And then, of course, painting is back! But seriously, right now, in NYC, there has been a renaissance of sorts in the figurative painting world, one that sees more and more under-30 fine artists finding refreshing and re-invigorating ways to paint on canvas. Seeing Brooklyn-based painter Grace Weaver’s solo show at Soy Capitán Gallery in Berlin in 2017 recalled all the reasons I love figurative portrait painting. In the ways that Joan Brown, Jacob Lawrence or Will Barnet’s portraits represented time-capsules of 20th century America, Grace Weaver’s works provide a discerning glimpse into 21st century life while maintaining the sensibilities of the classic American painter. I visited Grace a few times in Brooklyn over the past year as she moved studios. I observed her practice on surprisingly large canvases, and learned how she has evolved as a painter, readying for her upcoming breakout exhibition at James Cohan Gallery in NYC in the Fall of 2018. Evan Pricco: I can't remember exactly what it was you were studying at university before art, but I know it was something that surprised me but seemed complimentary with your talent for drawing and painting. What was it, again? Grace Weaver: As an undergrad, I was studying Wildlife Biology at the University of Vermont. I really thought I would be a naturalist as a little kid and then, at some point, that grew into wanting to be a researcher. I’ve always been drawn to the idea of having a research project… a big endeavor that I could undertake on my own, gathering information from all over the place and synthesizing something, some new theory. I think that’s why biology appealed to me. What made you switch? I took an introductory painting class as a sophomore that kind of changed my life. It was with a super smart, young professor at UVM named Steve Budington. That was my first exposure to contemporary art, and everything was embarrassingly new to me. I remember watching a documentary about Walton Ford, and seeing him dig through museum archives to collect source material for his paintings. I started to realize that art could be a big, highly personalized research project. Art, however, has the advantage that the end-product is legible to almost anyone, which differentiates it from the work of a scientist in a specialized field. That combination of personal rigor and accessibility was what made me want to become an artist. It was my introduction to painting, but my time in the MFA program at VCU a few years later was just as formative. The faculty there was stellar—Arnold Kemp, Holly Morrison, Gregory Volk, Richard Roth—but it was the other grad students that really pushed me to be as ambitious and thoughtful as I could be. I was thinking about this more after I first met you, noting that your work reminded me of some classic European illustrations, and I started to do some research. There was this era of 1920s, probably more of the 1930s, where I think your work seems to fit. I don't mean subject matter so much, but choice of color. Where do you think you found such color choices? When I started painting—like so many other painters—I found my way to color through other artists’ work. For me, that definitely included early 20th century European painting. As you try to solve color problems in a painting, you can often find the answer in a Matisse, a Bonnard or a Vuillard. Their use of color just reached a height that I don’t think has since been met. The Fauvists and the Nabis painters are still very much a part of the DNA of my work. Recently, I’ve become obsessed with the possibility for color to say something about this precise cultural moment. More and more, I’m trying to expand the sources from which I steal color and put it into the paintings. For example, I’ve always loved when a woman with a serious spray-tan (the kind that verges on orange) uses a super pale, baby pink lipstick. That color combination is kind of fascinating in how it treads the line between pretty and grotesque. It’s so temporally specific, evidence of a very 21st century approach to color. You don’t have to look a lot further from the idea of “millennial pink” to see how much one color can say about a generation and a moment in time. Millennial pink is a muddy and uncertain color, cute without being juvenile, neutral without being serious. We’re living in a strange moment, color-wise. If you walk into any mid-level clothing store—a Zara or an H&M—there are so many odd quaternary colors on display—dusty lilac, dirty olive, rusty orange. We’re definitely not living in a primary-colored moment. Color has the potential to connect both to the distant past and to the current moment. Do you have a favorite color at the moment? I have a kind of unreasonable attraction to pink. My favorite color, if I had to choose, is probably a medium pink, as artificial as possible. Golden’s Medium Magenta is pretty close to perfect. I also love Holbein’s Brilliant Pink. Variations of red, orange and pink have always held so much appeal to me. I think it’s because of their proximity to flesh tones; they come so viscerally close to flesh without being naturalistic. In a dumb way, literal warm colors are a way to make a painting as metaphorically warm as possible. I want the paintings to be accessible, and even attractive and inviting. Do you have a favorite era of art? I love Mannerism for its utter abandonment of anatomy. I love the perverse cuteness of Rococo. I love Indian and Persian miniatures for their calligraphic line and idiosyncratic color. Right now I’m obsessed with these folk paintings from Bengal, India, called Kalighat paintings. They have this pared-down elegant brushwork; everything is on the surface. For similar reasons, I love the Chicago Imagists in general, and Christina Ramberg in particular. Her approach to mark-making is so specific, you really feel the distinction between flesh and hair and fabric based on how she applies paint. My big painting hero, though, will always be Alex Katz. He has developed a way of painting in which the figure is almost secondary to muscular brushwork and stylization. He’s kind of the big one for me, the ideal that I’m always chasing. If I called you a contemporary throwback, what do you say to that? No? Yes? I guess it depends what you mean by “contemporary throwback,” haha! I don’t think any artist would want to be compared to an Elvis impersonator for instance, someone who is slavishly recreating artworks of the past and for the past. But painting is a medium with such a long history that anytime you pick up a paintbrush, you’re inherently connecting to centuries and centuries of painters that have come before you. Whether it is through resonances in color or form or subject, I do hope that there is some connection between my work and the past. I think that painting’s real struggle is to figure out how a centuries-old medium can say something about the current moment. The truly great artists hold those two poles in balance. Another terrific painting professor of mine at UVM, Frank Owen, would sometimes say, “Art history isn’t linear! It loops back on itself and leaves openings where you can jump back in!” I love that idea. I hope there is a way to weave together elements from both the contemporary world and the history of painting and arrive at something new. It’s something I think about every day. I know you show up in your drawings and paintings, but who are the other people in your works? All painting contains some degree of self-portraiture, especially in the case of figurative painting. That’s how I see the individual female figures in my work. They’re usually stand-ins or proxies for me, but on a psychological rather than a visual level. “Emotional self-portraits” is maybe the best way to describe their relationship to me. The other figures in the paintings are just as imaginary, and the male characters are often invented as foils to a female counterpart. Certain “types” definitely recur—the absent-minded boyfriend, the eye-rolling sister, the good-natured dad—but they are not so much portraits of real people as they are psychological building blocks, inserted as necessary to complement existing characters. I suppose I am more invested in the relationships between characters than in the individuals themselves. Scale in your work is important, and I think it really does allow you to have a lot of freedom in terms of creating a scene and exploring color. What do you like about working with bigger canvases? I love working with the biggest canvasses that I can. So much of what is important to me is gesture—dramatic brushstrokes and big shapes. I find that’s only really possible when the canvas is the size of my body or bigger. Some of the paintings for this show are 89 by 95 inches, which is the maximum size that we can fit out the studio door. The paintings need to be as big as they are to have an impact on a physical level. Color depends so much on quantity. Even if the paintings have a politeness to the subject matter or a prettiness to the color, I want them to be confrontational in some way. Scale is one way to do that. I really like something you said, something along the lines of painting for other painters, or these little details that you feel other painters see in your work, things that you notice in other artist's work. Can you elaborate? Do you have painters that you find you really relate to in that way? I think a lot of the best painting is done with another painter in mind. It’s like that quote from Heidegger that, “one can learn to ski only on the slopes and for the slopes.” The thing done for the sake of the thing. There is so much good painting out there right now. A few artists come to mind as being especially generous with the painterly information they reveal—painters like Trudy Benson, Katherine Bernhardt, Patricia Treib, Keltie Ferris, Charline von Heyl, Amy Sillman and Mary Heilmann. I don’t mean that they are all straight-forward painters, but that they leave breadcrumbs for the viewer to find their way into how the painting was made. That lets the viewer do a sort of mental reverse-engineering. I find that to be the most rewarding kind of painting to look at and it’s something I (very humbly) aspire to. It’s an idea that goes back to my art history studies as an undergrad. I worked with an Art History professor at UVM named John Seyller, who is an expert in Indian miniature painting and just a ferociously intelligent person. His challenge for us was always to identify the artist’s hand in a painting. He would drill us on attributions, differentiating for instance between two brothers from the same family of Pahari painters from 18th century India: “Is this Nain Sukh or Manaku? Or (their father) Pandit Seu?” Over and over. In a way, his emphasis on close looking and the search for the artist’s hand taught me how to see. The pleasure is in those details. You showed me a series of photo documentations of your newest works, and what stands out is how much evolution and underpainting is involved in each. Characters come and re-emerge, action shifts, movements totally change as well. Has this always been a feature in your work? Do you create inner dialogues about what the characters in your work are saying to each other? In the earliest stages of a painting, I spend a lot of time working in one or two colors, figuring out the composition. I start out more in the mode of an abstract painter, concerned mostly about the geometry and rhythm of the painting. It’s kind of like piecing together a puzzle, working through trial and error until all of the shapes come together. That happens before I’m even considering facial expressions or clothing or relationships. The individual figures arise as the residue of the activity of painting. I’ll need a big swath of blue and that requires a girl in the background to have an enormous blue-jeaned butt, for instance. I like when the figures end up surprising me, when my mind is more caught up with issues of color and form. What do you like about seeing all these changes in one painting, even when you’re learning or being self critical? My fiancée, Eric, is an amazing photographer and helps me out in the studio full time. He’s constantly taking photos, capturing all of the awkward stages as the paintings evolve. It helps me so much to look back through those photos and see what each painting has gone through. There is always the experience of looking back and thinking “Damn, that was better the first time.” But painting is a bit like a choreographed dance: maybe you have a particular move right on the first try, but all of the moves have to fit together in sequence. So, when things go wrong, I usually wipe down the whole painting and start from scratch. The goal, in the end, is for the painting to congeal into one continuous surface, one flat image. How important to your process are all the drawings that you make? You work in a large format, and you have all these drawings that you reference, so where do those end up? One of the best feelings in the world is something that we all have as little kids. You know, that feeling of doodling with crayons or markers without an endpoint in mind and inventing something that makes you laugh out of sheer surprise. Drawing is a way to tap into that feeling, the feeling of invention. Drawing is also the most direct sort of image-making, and a way to generate tons of ideas. There is no reason not to make a drawing because it’s so low stakes. That allows me to entertain the tiniest and dumbest of ideas, whether it’s someone painting her toenails or buying bodega candy or fixing her bra strap. Sometimes, though, one of these “dumb” ideas will have a magnetism or a poignancy that demands to become a painting. Can you talk about your new show, because in the three large paintings that I saw, there is this really beautiful portrayal of mundane daily acts. You have been really tuning into these little acts in your paintings, and it feels like a very elegant look into some personal daily rituals. What have you been focusing on? Yes, the subjects in the most recent paintings could not get more mundane. There is a girl applying makeup, a girl preparing a sandwich, a girl washing her face. To use a very 2018 term, they are all acts of “self-care.” They are also acts of self-improvement, re-invention and performed “thriving.” I’m drawn to these moments for their vulnerability, their precariousness. Just as these girls are trying to put themselves together, the painted surface is trying (also self-consciously) to put itself together. I think there is a funny resonance between an individual girl striving awkwardly towards some beauty ideal, and the act of painting, which is always alternately striving towards beauty: faltering, flailing, and reconsidering itself. This is your first solo show in NYC in awhile, and it’s a big show at James Cohan. What are you excited about in terms of showing back at home, and does an extra set of expectations come with it? This is my first solo show with James Cohan and it’s a huge honor to be working alongside such smart, kind, incredible people. I feel really lucky to be showing with them. In general, there’s so much great painting happening right now in New York. Solo shows are always a little nerve-wracking, but I’m just excited to be a part of it all. Grace Weaver’s new solo show, BEST LIFE, will be on view at James Cohan Gallery in NYC from September 14—October 28, 2018. 	null
Pedestrian Killed By Light Rail Train: Denver Police 	DENVER, CO – Denver police said a pedestrian was killed by an RTD light rail train on the H Line near W. Bayaud Avenue and Santa Fe Drive. Emergency workers were on the scene at the Bayaud Light Rail Crossing. No further information was immediately known. 	transportation
When Priyanka's ex-boyfriend Aseem Merchant wanted to make biopic on her 	Priyanka Chopra is happily engaged to Nick Jonas, but decades ago she dated Aseem Merchant. Rumour has it that Aseem was Priyanka's first boyfriend, and the two were in a relationship during her modelling days. However, their relationship didn't last long, and the two called it off after Priyanka joined Bollywood. However, a decade after her Bollywood debut, Aseem turned producer and decided to make a film on her. Buzz had it that Aseem's film was supposedly not only a chronicle of Priyanka's modelling days, but also her infamous fallout with her ex-manager Prakash Jaju over finances. Jaju had claimed that Priyanka owed him a large amount of money, and that's when her late father Col. Ashok Chopra filed a police complaint against him, citing false accusations and threatening of the family members. Jaju was later arrested in 2008 and spent over two months behind bars. This piece of news did not go down too well with the actress, and she expressed her displeasure over the making of the biopic. "It would be extremely flattering for me if someone would make a biopic on my life, but this particular situation makes me very angry as I know what my family and I went through during that phase of our lives and what upsets me is that people want to glorify something which was a painful part in my life. I think it's extremely disturbing," Priyanka had said. However, later Aseem clarified that the film titled 67 Days was on Jaju and he had no intention of hurting her. "The film is about Prakash Jaju, not Priyanka Chopra. It is about his experiences in Bollywood and will cover the entire entertainment industry. I respect and admire Priyanka. In no way am I trying to malign or hurt her. As a producer I am only trying to make a realistic film," Aseem had said in an interview. However, later Aseem decided to distance himself from the project after Jaju tried to malign Priyanka through a series of tweets. "The tweets of Mr Prakash Jaju are untrue, very disturbing and in bad taste I'd like to clarify here that neither am I in touch with him nor part of any of this negative activity , I was approached to produce the film '67 days' his biopic and thought it would make an interesting film about a celeb manager and his journey but distanced myself from this episode after seeing it being blown into another direction and have shelved the idea permanently of making that film , as I'd never want to hurt or upset Priyanka as she's one of the nicest, most hardworking and family oriented girl I've ever known I always wish her the very best!!," wrote Aseem in a note. ALSO READ | When Harman Baweja said Priyanka Chopra broke up because he had no time for her ALSO WATCH | Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are engaged 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Lenovo IdeaPad 11.6-inch Laptop with Windows 10 for ₹16,502 only Microsoft Find the right Office 365 subscription for you, starting at ₹3,299 a year Microsoft iBall Excelance CompBook 11.6-inch Laptop with Windows 10 for ₹9,999 only Microsoft More From India Today Live TV Visit site 	entertainment
South Tahoe man may have drowned retrieving model airplane	SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, Calif. - Police say a 74-year-old South Lake Tahoe man whose body was pulled from the lake on Monday may have drowned while attempting to retrieve his model airplane that crashed in the water. South Lake Tahoe police said Wednesday officers in a police watercraft found Robert Hill floating face down in a yellow life jacket after responding to a call from someone who spotted the jacket floating about 200 yards off Light House Shores along the Tahoe Keys. A preliminary investigation indicates Hill left his home in the Tahoe Keys to fly his model airplane at the beach at about 8:30 a.m. Monday. Police say the death remains under investigation, but no foul play, alcohol or drugs are suspected.	null
Decolati, Golsan and Stovall lead Grand Junction in win 	OGDEN, Utah (AP) -- Niko Decolati had four hits, while Will Golsan and Hunter Stovall recorded three apiece as the Grand Junction Rockies topped the Ogden Raptors 11-4 on Friday. Decolati doubled and singled three times, driving in three runs and scoring a pair. Golsan doubled and singled twice. Grand Junction had a big third inning in the blowout victory, when Stovall and Decolati hit two-run singles. Grand Junction starter Alejandro Mejia (3-5) picked up the win despite allowing four runs and five hits over five innings. Opposing starter Victor Gonzalez (1-1) took the loss in the Pioneer League game after allowing four runs and seven hits over 2 1/3 innings. This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http://www.automatedinsights.com) using data from and in cooperation with MLB Advanced Media and Minor League Baseball, http://www.milb.com	sports
Heritage Farmstead Museum to host volunteer information fair on September 12	Plano, Texas -- Heritage Farmstead Museum will host a volunteer fair on Wednesday, September 12 from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. to provide more information for those interested in learning about volunteer opportunities at the four-acre Plano historic site. “Come and visit Heritage Farmstead Museum….visit with our staff and volunteers and learn how you can get involved in preserving this unique piece of North Texas history by joining our awesome team of volunteers!” said Heritage Farmstead Museum Volunteer Coordinator Catherine Caso. Current farmstead volunteer opportunities include docents for house tours and school tours, greeters for the Farmstead’s visitor center, preschool program organizers, special events experts, livestock caretakers, grounds and maintenance assistants, and gardening support. Heritage Farmstead Museum requires a background check for all volunteers. The volunteer information fair event is free and open to the public. The Heritage Farmstead Museum is located at 1900 West 15th Street in Plano.	arts
Trump stumps for Braun	EVANSVILLE – Casting the midterms as a referendum on his agenda, President Donald Trump urged Indiana Republicans on Thursday to unseat Sen. Joe Donnelly, saying the vulnerable Democrat is “not going to vote for us on anything.” Trump, who is kicking up his campaign travel as the midterm elections near, appeared in Evansville to boost support for wealthy Republican businessman Mike Braun, who is facing off against Donnelly in what is viewed as one of the nation's most competitive Senate races. Before a wildly enthusiastic crowd, Trump called Braun a “special guy” and said he will “be a truly great senator.” Braun took the stage and pledged to be a “true ally” to Trump, “not somebody that says something when you're in Indiana and does something differently when you're in D.C.” In a state the president carried by roughly 19 percentage points in 2016, both candidates have sought to stress their connections to Trump. Braun has welcomed Trump's backing, greeting him at the airport as he arrived in Indiana on Thursday. Before the rally, Trump attended a private roundtable and fundraising reception. Trump ticked through a number of Donnelly votes, saying he opposed his tax bill and voted against repealing President Barack Obama's health care law. Donnelly's campaign pushed back on Trump's critique, citing a study from Congressional Quarterly that shows he voted with Trump 62 percent of the time in 2017 and noting that the candidate had 22 proposals signed into law by Trump. “He's always willing to work with any president who has a good idea to help Hoosiers, but he's never been, and never will be a rubber stamp for ideas from any administration that are wrong for Indiana,” said campaign manager Peter Hanscom. Donnelly said in a statement after the rally: “We're always happy to have President Trump in Indiana, but Hoosiers still want a senator who always puts them first before any politician or political party.” Trump's speech largely focused on his favored talking points. He pushed his agenda, arguing that Democrats in power would halt his efforts to cut taxes and roll back regulation and would block his long-promised border wall. To deafening applause he argued that “Republicans want strong borders” and said “Democrats want to abolish ICE,” the government agency tasked with enforcing the nation's immigration laws. Trump also promoted his record, again calling the economy the best in the “history of our country” and boasting about “putting tariffs on foreign producers who cheat our workers and cheat our companies.” The economy and jobs are nowhere close to historic bests based on several measures. And Trump's decision to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports would help many domestic steel and aluminum mills while likely increasing prices for the factories that rely on those metals. Trump also again threatened to intervene in the Justice Department if it fails to take the actions he's demanding, saying the leaders of the DOJ and FBI “have to start doing their job and doing it right” because “people are angry.” If they don't do their job, he said, he “will get involved, and I'll get in there if I have to.” Trump has a long-standing feud with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and has called on him to investigate former rival Hillary Clinton and others. Some of the issues he's raised have either already been examined or are in the process of being investigated. Trump repeated an attack on social media companies, saying, “We as a country cannot tolerate political censorship, blacklisting and rigged search results. We will not let large organizations silence conservative voices.” This week, Trump accused Google and other U.S. tech companies of rigging search results about him. Google pushed back sharply, saying Trump's claim simply wasn't so. Heading into the final months of campaigning, the Republican Party is defending its majorities in the House and Senate, facing retirements and an energized Democratic opposition. Democrats are increasingly bullish about their chances to capture the 23 seats they need to retake the House. But flipping the Senate remains a much tougher prospect, given that 10 incumbents are running in states Trump won. Trump is aiming to spend more than 40 days on the campaign trail between the beginning of August and the Nov. 6 midterms. The officials said Trump wants to be on the road for Republicans more than Obama was for Democrats in 2010 – when his party suffered what Obama called a “shellacking” – and beyond what President George W. Bush did in 2002.	government
Ford cancels plan to import Focus crossover from China, blames trade war 	DETROIT - Ford Motor Co. announced Friday it has pulled the plug on plans to import the Focus Active crossover from China because of costs from the escalating trade war. "Given the negative financial impact of the new tariffs, we've… AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	automotiveindustry
How to Make Your Hair Grow Faster	Sara is a writer based in London, England with a BSc (Hons) in Biomedical Sciences. She loves researching various health topics. Pumpkin seed oil, which as the name suggests, is extracted through cold pressing the seeds of the Cucurbita pepo pumpkin. The oil is commonly used in Slovenia, Romania, Croatia and Hungary, mainly for culinary purposes. However, this oil can work wonders for your hair and scalp, being rich in Omega 3, six fatty acids, vitamins A and E, zinc, tryptophan as well as an array of antioxidants. Pumpkin oil has shown very promising results in clinical studies too. A study conducted in 2014 and published in the Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine journal discovered that men who took pumpkin seed oil on a daily basis over 24 weeks noticed a 40% increase in hair growth. The oil works by blocking the action of 5 alpha-reductase enzyme and blocking the anti-androgenic effects which lead to hair loss. In other words, high levels of testosterone hormone in the body can result in the formation of DHT, a testosterone derivative in the presence of 5 alpha-reductase enzyme. This DHT molecule can block hair follicles on the scalp resulting in hair loss and baldness. By blocking the enzyme, pumpkin seed oil allows the hair follicles to grow and is just as effective for women. In addition, this treatment is inexpensive and a viable alternative to many over the counter topical treatments such as Minodoxil and Finasteride, which are both expensive and come with their share of side effects. On average, the human scalp will shed up to 100–150 hairs a day which is considered normal. But it can become a cause for concern when excessive hair loss occurs, which can be exacerbated by stress, poor nutrition or genetics. Therefore, it is important to check whether there are any underlying medical issues contributing to the loss such as anemia, hypothyroidism or vitamin deficiencies and work on resolving these. Due to a stressful work schedule with long hours and tight deadlines, I found my hair falling out like crazy. I would notice my hair in the shower, on my bedroom floor and even on my clothes. It was an extremely upsetting experience, and the hair on my scalp was getting thinner and thinner. I had such low self-confidence that I didn't want to get dressed up and go out to social events because I was so self-conscious that my scalp was balding. A friend, who went through a similar experience, strongly encouraged me to try a homemade ointment she was using which had heralded amazing results and curbed her hair loss. Looking at her thick, shiny locks, I was convinced to give it a try. Within a few weeks of religiously using the ointment three times a week, I noted a significant reduction in my hair loss and my hair grew a few inches. Personally, I apply the ointment before going to sleep and leave it overnight. Now six months in, I have a head full of thick, shiny hair! As this has been such a success for me, I want to share the recipe that I was given so that it may help others who are suffering from a similar ailment. The recipe also calls for the use of peppermint oil which is known for its ability to enhance blood circulation to the scalp upon application and will, therefore, ensure that the scalp is adequately nourished. Pumpkin Oil (use enough to saturate your scalp and coat your hair- thicker hair will require more oil) A few drops of peppermint oil Mix both ingredients together and use the oil to massage your scalp for 10 minutes. Spending time to massage your scalp with the oil is very important as it will promote blood circulation to the scalp and ensure the ointment is evenly distributed across all hair follicles. Leave the oil in for a few hours before washing your hair. For best results, leave it overnight and wash it out in the morning. Use this ointment 2–3 times a week, every week. The results will speak for themselves. My advice is to be patient and use this religiously for at least 3-6 months for maximum results. The solution can be stored in an airtight container in a cool, dry place and lasts for months. I highly recommend the oil I have linked below, as it is organic and cold pressed and therefore will provide the maximum benefits. The pipette will allow for more accurate measurement. For the peppermint oil, any good quality essential oil will suffice. Nonetheless, I have provided a link to the essential oil that I have been using. Disclaimer: As with all skin care regimes, please carry out a patch test before commencing with the treatment to ensure there are no allergic reactions. All material in this article is provided for your information only, and should not be taken in the place of medical advice or instruction. Readers should consult appropriate health professionals on any matter relating to their health and well-being. 	null
Gin taster wanted: Company will hire you to travel the world, drink with friends	Do you have a real thirst for adventure, and well, booze? A bar group in London is looking for some parched patrons to travel the world sipping gin to stock a new bar that’s scheduled to open in the fall. The owners of Mr. Fogg’s is looking to stock its new Society of Exploration bar, the Evening Standard reported. And what better way than with an “Around the World in 80 Days” tour? The winning taste tester will take a friend and make stops in cities like Mumbai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, San Francisco, New York and Lisbon to taste gin and collect botanicals. The winners will be given an atlas, journal, luggage tags and hip flask for their their journey, the Evening Standard reported.	food
Jason Isbell, Jack Johnson and The Smashing Pumpkins kick off a week of top Utah concerts 	GOV’T MULE — Gov’t Mule with special guest The Magpie Salute will continue the inaugural 2018 Deer Valley Concert Series at Snow Park Outdoor Amphitheater. The show is set for Friday at 5:30 p.m. with tickets ranging from $38 to $70. JASON MRAZ — Jason Mraz will serve as the conclusion for the inaugural 2018 Deer Valley Concert Series at Snow Park Outdoor Amphitheater. The show is set for Monday at 6 p.m. with remaining tickets priced at $62. SALT LAKE SYMPHONIC CHOIR AUDITIONS --The Salt Lake Symphonic Choir is now auditioning for its 70th season. Rehearsals begin Sept. 6 with more details at SLSChoir.com. ”AMERICA NINE-ELEVEN” --A musical tribute set to show Sept. 7, 8 and 11. MAROON 5 --Coming to the Vivint Smart Home Arena Sept. 7. MJ LIVE --The Michael Jackson Tribute Concert will come to the Sandy Amphitheater Sept. 7. TRIPLE THREAT TOUR --At Club X in Salt Lake City on Sept. 7. J. COLE --Performing at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Sept. 8 with Young Thug. ”JURASSIC PARK” : FILMS IN CONCERT --The Utah Symphony will play the score for the film live at USANA Amphitheatre on Sept. 8. ONE NIGHT IN MEMPHIS --At the Kenley Amphitheater on Sept. 8. O.A.R. --Showing at Red Butte Garden Amphitheater Sept. 10 with Matt Nathanson. VOODOO THREAUXDOWN GALACTIC --Trombone Shorty’s Voodoo Threauxdown Galactic, Preservation Hall Jazz Band and New Breed Brass Band with special guests Cyril Neville, Kermit Ruffins & Walter Wolfman Washington will show at Red Butte Garden Sept. 12.	null
Roslindale Square to get low-key tattoo parlor 	The Board of Appeals yesterday inked its approval of a Malden man's proposal for a tattoo parlor at the corner of Washington and Corinth streets in Roslindale Square. Sokiri Sin's Ink Gallery will fill the now empty 1,274 square feet of space above Romano's. He told the zoning board he would employ up to five artists and would be open until 8 p.m. on weeknights - with reduced hours on the weekends. His attorney, Scott Holmes, said the business would be a perfect complement for Roslindale Square. Because most of its visits would be before or after the workday, it wouldn't cause any parking or traffic problems in the sometimes almost congested square. He added that Sin and his inkers will work by appointment only - and will not put up any neon or other garish signs to disturb the "vibrant, wonderful area" that is Roslindale Square. Holmes said Sin fell in love with the space months ago - to the point of paying rent beginning in January. He added that Holmes spent several Saturdays at the Roslindale Square farmers' market talking to people about the shop and soliciting their approval. Roslindale currently has one tattoo parlor, on Belgrade Avenue near Walworth Street.	null
'Hellpoint' (ALL) Announced - Screens & Trailer	Hellpoint is a dark sci-fi action RPG set in the aftermath of a massive quantic cataclysm. You play as a mysterious ghoulish character whose intentions are entirely determined by your decisions. Embark on a soul conjuring journey aboard a derelict space station and figure out the twisted series of events that led to an occult quantum catastrophe. Hunt, or be hunted by insane mobs, decadent daemons, and deep space monsters, all under the constant watch of the black hole. Explore the enigmatic Irid Novo space colony and piece up hints to unravel stories of conspiracies, strange experiments, and cursed rituals. The Quantic system based on the station 21 hours' orbit cycles creates a variety of dynamic events which can be sought and raided to discover new depth to the story. Craft weapons and special skills, use tactic and reflexes to outwit your enemies, learn to avoid death lurking around every corner. Venture alone, with or against others in multiplayers, and dedicate your character to a Cult. 	videogame
Watch The New First Man Trailer: The Most Dangerous Mission In History	Damien Chazelle (Whiplash) and Ryan Gosling (Blade Runner 2049) are teaming up again following the smashing success of the 2016 musical La La Land for the film based on James Hansen’s biography “First Man: A Life Of Neil A. Armstrong.” Written by Academy Award winner Josh Singer (Spotlight), the First Man movie will be produced by Wyck Godfrey & Marty Bowen (The Twilight Saga, The Fault in Our Stars) through their Temple Hill Entertainment banner, alongside Chazelle and Gosling. Isaac Klausner (The Fault in Our Stars) will executive produce. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Gosling, Claire Foy (The Crown) as Janet Shearon, Armstrong’s first wife, Corey Stoll (The Strain) as Buzz Aldrin, Kyle Chandler (Game Night) as Deke Slayton, Jason Clarke (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes) as Ed White, Shea Wigham (Kong: Skull Island) as Gus Grissom, Jon Bernthal (The Punisher) as David Scott, Brian d’Arcy James (13 Reasons Why) as Joseph A. Walker, Pablo Schreiber (Den of Thieves) as Jim Lovell, as well as Patrick Fugit (Outcast), Cory Michael Smith (Gotham), Lukas Haas (The Revenant) and Christopher Abbott (The Sinner). First Man is set to hit theaters October 12.	entertainment
Woman arrested after killing two people in 2017 three-vehicle crash	A woman was arrested after killing two people in a three-vehicle crash in September 2017. According to Temple police, on Sept. 18, 2017, at 11:25 a.m. officers responded to a major crash at the 2600 block of South 5th Street. After an investigation of the crash, 36-year-old Audra McQueen the driver of the Ford F150 was traveling southbound when she crossed over into the northbound lanes and crashed head-on into a white Ford Escape. She also hit a black Nissan Maxima that was stopped waiting to make a left turn. The driver and the passenger of the Ford Escape succumbed to their injuries and were pronounced dead at the scene. After a thorough review, a grand jury indicted McQueen for two counts of criminally negligent homicide and warrants for her arrest were issued. McQueen was arrested on Friday morning and transported to the Bell County Jail.	null
Boll Medical alleged to owe more than $350,000 to Pennsylvania company 	CHARLESTON – A Pennsylvania entity alleges that a Charleston business failed to pay it for goods it delivered. CHARLESTON – A Pennsylvania entity alleges that a Charleston business failed to pay it for goods it delivered. Pride Mobility Corp., individually and as assignee of Navitas Credit Corp., filed a complaint in Kanawha Circuit Court against Boll Medical Inc., et al. alleging breach of contract. According to the complaint, the plaintiff alleges that at Boll Medical's request, plaintiff sold certain goods and merchandise to it on credit or executed finance agreements. The plaintiff holds Boll Medical Inc., et al. responsible because the defendants allegedly failed to pay all amounts due and owing. The plaintiff seeks judgment against the defendants in the amount of $86,447.81 for count one, $208,170.12 for count two and $65,071.62 for count three, plus continuing interest, attorney's fees and costs. It is represented by John R. Keating of Amato Keating & Lessa PC in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Kanawha Circuit Court case number 18-C-854 Want to get notified whenever we write about any of these organizations ? Sign-up Next time we write about any of these organizations, we'll email you a link to the story. You may edit your settings or unsubscribe at any time. 	healthcare&biotechnology
See what the IHS Markit Score report has to say about Edwards Lifesciences Corp.	13 days at current score. Downgraded from Positive on August 18th 2018 View full report here! Bearish sentiment Short interest | Positive Short interest is low for EW with fewer than 5% of shares on loan. The last change in the short interest score occurred more than 1 month ago and implies that there has been little change in sentiment among investors who seek to profit from falling equity prices. Money flow ETF/Index ownership | Positive ETF activity is positive. Over the last month, ETFs holding EW are favorable, with net inflows of $9.11 billion. Additionally, the rate of inflows is increasing. According to the latest IHS Markit Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) data, output in the Healthcare sector is rising. The rate of growth is strong relative to the trend shown over the past year, and is accelerating. CDS data is not available for this security. Please send all inquiries related to the report to score@ihsmarkit.com. Charts and report PDFs will only be available for 30 days after publishing. This document has been produced for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon or as construed as investment advice. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IHS Markit disclaims any responsibility or liability, whether in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), equity or otherwise, for any loss or damage arising from any reliance on or the use of this material in any way. Please view the full legal disclaimer and methodology information on pages 2-3 of the full report.	healthcare&biotechnology
Scott has chance to flip senate seat to GOP	Florida's popular governor could flip a U.S. Senate seat to the GOP, says the leader of a conservative organization. The race between U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson and his Republican challenger, outgoing Governor Rick Scott, is expected to be the nation's most expensive Senate contest in the midterm elections. The race analysis at RealClearPolitics shows polling firms have been busy in the Sunshine State, where six different firms have been gauging voter opinion since June and found mixed results. Scott is leading four polls, Nelson is leading two others, and neither candidate is enjoying a double-digit lead. The RCP average shows Scott with a 1.5 percent edge over the incumbent. David Caton, president of the Florida Family Association, tells OneNewsNow that Scott has the best chance of unseating Nelson of any candidate that has run against him. "Senator Nelson has been invisible to the state of Florida on many issues. Senator Nelson has not been out campaigning," Caton says. "He's not really taken this election cycle as seriously as he should, given our governor Rick Scott's presence."  Caton insists that Scott has done a terrific job as governor by lowering state taxes, reducing regulations, and providing leadership to quickly assist storm-ravaged areas.	government
Amobee Closes Videology Deal As The Duo Chart A Course To Take On Advanced TV	Amobee just crossed the final T on its acquisition of advanced TV and video ad platform Videology. The deal, which closed on Tuesday, marks both the end of a tumultuous few years for Videology and a fresh start for a company that foundered despite solid technology and a shrewd vision. The Videology name will be retired and the technology will be rolled into Amobee’s stack. The majority of Videology’s employees are joining their new parent, although Amobee declined to share a specific number. At its height in 2014, Videology was reportedly valued at around $300 million. Layoffs came in 2016 and 2018 as part of restructuring efforts and in May of this year, the company was forced into bankruptcy protection and put itself up for auction. Amobee placed the winning bid and took home Videology’s assets for $117.3 million, a good deal less than the $200 million the company had raised since it was founded in 2007. If Videology founder and former CEO Scott Ferber, who’s now joining Amobee as chief innovation officer, had a crystal ball back then, he might have told his former self to hold off for a few years on starting the company and wait until what’s still a nascent market today got a little farther down the road to maturity and scale. Or he might have raised even more venture capital. Two hundred million might sound like a lot for an ad tech company, but not for the prospect Videology was chasing, Ferber said. “We were going after TV’s convergence with the internet and the market for all paid TV advertising globally,” he said. “But we were also a 10-year-old venture-backed company. Our investors believed in us, but the funds were finished.” However, the future is bright, Ferber said. The opportunity Videology identified before the iron was really hot enough to strike is finally reaching an inflection point. “And over the next three to five years, it will continue to accelerate significantly and become mainstream in the way programmatic is mainstream now, at least in the US,” Ferber said. “It’ll take a few more years still in the rest of the world.” Amobee is looking to capitalize on the coming crest by combining TV buying and planning with its existing digital and social capabilities. Adding Videology to its platform shaves off at least a few years of development work for Amobee, which is using SingTel’s backing to accelerate a strategy centered on both build and buy, said Philip Smolin, Amobee’s chief strategy officer. Amobee’s clients – both brands and agencies – want to use data and buy inventory across the entire customer journey, Smolin said. TV still makes up the bulk of advertising budgets, yet it’s historically siloed, both in terms of buying and planning. “It can’t just be TV in isolation,” Ferber said. More than half of Videology’s revenue as an independent company came from buy-side clients, but Amobee was also attracted to its growing roster of supply-side relationships with the likes of Disney, Sky Media and Canadian broadcasters Rogers and Bell Media. This is something Amobee didn’t have, and it’s a chance to build bridges into the premium content market. The supply side will continue to arm itself with mountains of saleable media a la AT&T and Time Warner and Comcast and NBCU. Expect more vertical mergers before this trend plays itself out, Ferber said. But with more media mergers also come more walled gardens, and marketers will need help navigating all those pockets of O&O. Roll the clock back around five years and the prevailing vision for the future was a big, open internet. The reality is a little more fenced in, Smolin said. “In terms of where the growth is coming, it’s premium walled-garden content, not open-market RTB,” Smolin said. In addition to bringing Videology into the fold, Amobee is also filling out its C-suite. The company recently hired a new COO, Domenic Venuto, former GM of the consumer division at IBM Watson Advertising, and 13-year Apple vet Erica Golden as chief people officer. Golden helped ensure acquisitions at Apple were running smoothly from a talent point of view, and her hire is a sign of more Amobee M&A to come, Smolin said. “We have the backing from SingTel to make build-versus-buy decisions on how we accelerate business innovation and staff our organization,” Smolin said. “These [hires] are go-forward investments for us.”	entertainment
Laurel tries to give 5th-graders a leg up when they start middle school. Here's how. 	Locker combinations are definitely easier than the limb-twisting, straw-toting challenge that Laurel Middle School students took on Friday.  A group of fifth and eighth-graders gathered before Laurel's first day of school on Monday as part of the school's WEB program — short for "Where Everybody Belongs" — which focuses on building relationship between older and younger students.  Laurel's middle school enrolls grades five through eight, an unusual model. Most schools enroll grades 6-8 or 7-8.  "When I was in fifth grade we didn't have WEB," said Abigail Molm, an eighth-grade mentor. "I never had an older kid to look up to." The looking up is literal in most cases, and Friday gave younger kids a chance to roam the school before it's filled with a forest of older students. They can find lockers and practice a combination. They can track down their classrooms. And they can put names to a few of the faces over their heads.  Laurel's high school has run a freshman transition program for years.  "The middle school was like, we've got to do something too," said Laurel Middle School assistant principal Lucas Larson. "Fifth graders are awfully nervous about coming to the middle school." Transition years for students coming into middle school and high school can be make-or-break years for future success, according to significant body of academic research.  Expectations are a little higher, with students having their own lockers and taking on more responsibility for their assignments and school work. Students also begin to have more control over their social lives and need to learn to balance hanging out with homework.  Fifth-grade teacher Katie Thompson, who runs WEB's summer program with eighth-grade teacher Amy Caldeira, led Friday's group in a hypothetical exercise: students pondered whether they would take $10 now, $25 after a little while, or $50 after a longer period of time. "There are going to be some choices in middle school that you're going to have to make right away," Thompson said. "Sometimes you have to practice and work really hard for the $50." (Or at least for an A).  A report from a national principal's group highlighted the importance of providing social and emotional support along with academic support during school transitions — a plan that "can restore the strong sense of belonging the entering middle school student once felt in elementary school." When students broke into smaller groups, they played a variety of ice-breaker type games. But the WEB program continues well into the school year, with mentoring events and first-day locker help. 	education
‘Hard love’ NJ teacher who called kids ‘ugly’ returns to work — with less pay	HACKENSACK — A middle school teacher whose tough love approach to students included calling them ugly will return to the classroom this school year with a cut in pay and a requirement to get counseling. District officials tried to fire Eric Deering last year after getting into a confrontational shouting match with a seventh-grade girl. Administrators said the incident was the final straw after a decade of reprimanding Deering for insubordination and inappropriate contact with students. Administrators said Deering was a “disrespectful bully” who took his anger out on students and adults. Even though an arbitrator in a state Department of Education tenure hearing agreed that Deering’s conduct was unprofessional, the arbitrator ruled this month that the district could not fire Deering because they had not provided him training after past mistakes. The incident that prompted the tenure charges against Deering happened on Oct. 31, when Deering told a student in his math class that she looked “ugly with that face.” A special education teacher who was in the same classroom testified that she had noticed the girl — who was not being disruptive and not talking to anyone — struggling in class and went over to help her. Melanie Keenan testified in the arbitration hearing that Deering told her: “That is nice you are helping her but they need to learn for themselves. She is sitting there all ugly.” The girl testified that she had been suffering from cramps and that her teacher’s comment hurt her feelings. She complained about it to friends at lunch. Later that day, one of the girl’s friends was walking in the hallway near Deering’s classroom when he told her to go back to homeroom. The second student said Deering told her: “You’re ugly.” “Excuse me?” she replied. “Why are you walking around with that ugly face? … I would pop you in the face … If there wasn’t a law stating teachers can’t hit students, I would,” the student claimed Deering said. The two then got into a shouting match with Deering standing about a foot from the student. This was witnessed by four other students as well as a science teacher, who said she came to see what was going on after hearing Deering’s – but not the student’s – shouts. The student admitted to administrators that she was wrong to shout at a teacher but added that he had made her mad by calling her, and her friend earlier in the day, ugly. When her parents met with the principal the next day, they said their daughter should accept responsibility if she is wrong but they were concerned about the teacher’s threats. In his testimony, Deering said the second student had come to confront him about calling her friend ugly and he had to raise his voice at her to let her know that her behavior was unacceptable. He claimed he told her: “Young lady, you are going to have to improve your behavior in the building because if you continue to do that you are going to get yourself in serious trouble or maybe even injured.” Regarding the girl in his class, he testified that she had come into his classroom “mean mugging”. He said he told her, “Look there is no need for your face to be frowning. You are looking ugly in your face. You’re mean mugging.” He said it was something his mother and grandmother would to tell him when he was younger. The “ugly" was directed at her attitude, not her physical appearance, and he said it because he wanted to motivate her to succeed. Deering testified that the district knew that his “hard love” approach in the classroom had produced “outstanding results from the majority of his students,” according to the arbitrator’s summary of his testimony. He also argued that Assistant Superintendent Andrea Oates Parchment, had pushed for the tenure charges because he is a strong disciplinarian and she is “more of a coddler, which in the long run, doesn’t assist the students at all.” The district countered that the fact that Deering considers it appropriate to call students “ugly” in any context means that it would be “abhorrent to public policy” to allow Deering to remain as a teacher. The arbitrator, Gerard G. Restaino, agreed with the district in that regard. “Mr. Deering cannot go to the level of student. He is the adult in the classroom and has to set that type of an example,” Restaino wrote in an Aug. 9 decision. He added that the situation with the second girl “did not have to be a confrontation.” “As it was being escalated by the students, Mr. Deering should have been the adult in that situation. He was not the adult,” Restaino said. “The incident took place in a school setting, not at a ballgame. Therefore, his actions were absolutely outrageous and unprofessional and cannot continue.” Still, Restaino faulted the district for not providing Deering training following earlier incidents, including a 2010 reprimand after he told a student, “You are lucky I don’t slam you against the wall,” and a 2014 reprimand after the principal received three requests by parents to have their children removed from his classroom within the first few months of the school year. Deering’s record included a reprimand for insubordination a year after he was hired, the arbitrator’s decision says. Restaino said that firing Deering would be going too far. He ordered that he return to work from his suspension but without back pay or any step raises that he would be entitled to this upcoming school year. He also will have to undergo anger management training. According to a DataUniverse.com copy of state pension records, Deering was earning close to $100,000 a year. 	non-profit&civilorganization
Taylor Swift pays tribute to Aretha Franklin at Detroit show	DETROIT (AP) Taylor Swift honored Aretha Franklin with a moment of silence during a concert in the Queen of Soul's hometown. Swift told a sold-out crowd at Detroit's Ford Field on Tuesday that Franklin did so much for music, women's rights and civil rights. Swift said words could never describe how many things Franklin did that made the world a better place. The pop star asked for a moment of silence so "every single one of us could reflect on our love and respect for her." After asking for the lights to go out, Swift said, "We love you Aretha." The public is paying respects to Franklin during a two-day viewing at a Detroit museum. Franklin, who died on Aug. 16, will be laid to rest on Friday. 	entertainment
London's Gatwick airport says runway open again after brief closure	LONDON, Aug 31 (Reuters) - The main runway at London's Gatwick Airport was briefly closed on Friday but has reopened, a spokesman for the airport said. Earlier, LBC radio said there were no arrivals or departures from the airport reportedly due to a problem with a Virgin Atlantic plane on the runway. (Writing by William Schomberg; editing by Costas Pitas)	airline
Family Fun Friday supplies local kids with fun and backpacks	BINGHAMTON (WBNG) -- An annual tradition continued along Main Street in Binghamton Friday afternoon. Horizons Federal Credit Union held their 17th annual Family Fun Friday event near their location along Main Street. The event was open for all to show up, from kids to adults. There was plenty of music, good food, entertainment, and much more. The mascots from Binghamton University, the B-Devils, and Rumble Ponies all showed up as well. Of course, this event has one main mission that it's known for, which is handing out backpacks to kids heading back to school just next week. Each year, Horizons holds two Family Fun Fridays, with the last one always held the Friday before school starts so kids can receive their backpacks. "The kids are happy, they're excited. They're thrilled to get a backpack. We're thrilled to give it to them. There's obviously a need in our community and hopefully we're helping to fill that need," said Horizons President and CEO Mario DiFulvio. So along with providing some fun for local kids and families alike, Family Fun Fridays is ultimately an event to help out the community as well.	non-profit&civilorganization
White Denim's Steve Terebecki Plays Favorites with the Band's Six Albums	In Rank Your Records, we talk to artists who have amassed substantial discographies over the years and ask them to rate their releases in order of personal preference. White Denim’s Steve Terebecki has two clear favorites in his band’s catalog. The rest is a tie for third in his mind. “I hate to put numbers on things,” the bassist/vocalist explains. “It's like ranking your babies or something.” Under duress, he made some distinctions between his albums for this interview, and broke up the four-way tie. He’s slightly less trepidatious, however, when discussing the just-released album, Performance. The psych-rock band was able to do overdubs and all the mixing for the new album at their new Austin space, Radio Milk Recording Company, which Terebecki says they were still assembling while mixing the album. “Right now, I'm feeling pretty good about it,” he says of Performances. “It's the first record that we've fully produced ourselves since Last Day of Summer, so it's fun to sort of take back the reins and make all the little decisions on the record. So it's up there right now.” Noisey: This was your first record after [drummer] Josh Block and [guitarist] Austin Jenkins left the band. How did that impact the recording process? I read an interview where [singer] James Petralli said he felt like the band needed to go back to basics on this record. Did you feel that way too? Yeah. I mean, you know, I think that, in spirit, that's what we wanted to do, but we were making the record in such a different way from the early records that I think the spirit of the songs and stuff, we wanted it to be like that, like a little bit more raw. Like when we played the early songs live, it was just really like a lot of energy and everything like that, and I think that's what he was talking about for this record. But as far as how we actually recorded it, you know, it was in a nice studio with a producer, so it was way different from three drunk dudes in a trailer. But yeah, I mean, I think that the energy of the record definitely speaks to the early stuff. You mentioned Ethan Johns earlier. Tell me a little bit more about what it was like working with him on this one and how that shaped the experience. It was an amazing learning experience. You know, he's been making records for a super long time and made tons of great records, so just hearing him share his stories, it was inspiring. He was just a big fan of the full band getting a really great live take. There wasn't a ton of editing. We left a ton of mistakes on the record. [Laughs] Which is really cool. Normally we would iron a lot of the big ones out, but on that record, we kind of just let stuff fly, which as a whole was a really interesting and different way to approach it. But yeah, he brought this engineer named Dom Monks from Real World Studios, which is Peter Gabriel's studio. This guy, he was just so insanely talented with getting sound really quickly, so we all felt really excited about the sound. I mean, it sounded like we were playing a record when we were playing in headphones, which is also pretty different for us. Is there anything on this record that looking back, you'd do differently? Or what made you rank it in these bottom four? You know, I always say that the reason it landed where it did was because of how much driving I had to do. [Laughs] We rented this house that was about 45 minutes away, and three of the guys—Josh, Austin, and our engineer Jim—they were staying out there, but James and I, we drove to and from the studio every day, so it was just lots of car time, and I think that while it was happening I didn't really care, but in retrospect I think that really exhausted me. But that aside, I love all those songs. I love listening to the record and, you know, the first two songs that we recorded for that record were up at The Loft in Chicago with Jeff Tweedy, and that studio is basically like a museum of instruments and amps. And he's a super cool, funny dad-type figure, so we got along with him really well. But that actual place was so distracting because there was so much cool stuff. We walked away after five days with two songs. [Laughs] What do you think Jeff Tweedy was able to bring out of you guys sonically while you were recording in that space? Do you think being there with him had a big impact on those tracks? You know, it seems like it did, because the two songs are some of our smoothest-sounding songs. Him and Tom Schick, the engineer they have, both have a pretty slick style. All their songs are really tight, and there's not, like, tons of low end and sub information that we kind of have on a lot of our other records. Jeff and Tom mixed the whole record, but then we had Jim Vollentine, our longtime engineer buddy, he kind of remixed half the songs. So when you listen to the record, you can tell which ones Jim did and which ones Tom did just by how much low end is there. When this record came out, it seemed like the general critical consensus was that it was a more refined sound for you while still staying true to your aesthetic. How did you feel about that reaction? Was that something you were consciously going for? Yeah, it's pretty accurate. I mean, it's definitely the least weird record of our first five records. I think that's what the critics were picking up on. All the parts are a little more—I don't want to say straightforward, but they're a little more easy to digest, I guess. A lot of the record was put together in the studio, so a lot of our weird crap from all of our demos didn't leak onto the songs. It was more just getting really good performances and parts in the studio. So I think that was part of the refinement that people heard. This was your US debut. What were your goals or expectations going into recording it? Well, more or less, we were just kind of breaking out of music as a hobby, you know? When we first started the band, we would get together on weekends and jam and write parts and record, and a lot of stuff on Exposion was sort of borne of those weekends. We were just kind of partying but also doing what we loved doing, and the limitations that we had with the gear and everything were pretty vast, so we were having to be pretty creative with how we were putting all the songs together and getting the sounds that we wanted and everything like that. But yeah, most of the songs on there are the first things we ever recorded. Lots of exploration. It's been ten years since it came out. Do you go back and listen to it frequently? How often do you go back and revisit your early stuff? I've been doing it a little bit more lately because we've been playing with some different drummers and stuff, so to kind of learn the old songs using the records as a reference. Yeah, it's crazy. After ten years, it's a really fun listen in an awesome, "what the hell were we thinking" type of way. [Laughs] It's totally insane, but I think it's a super fun listen. We did a good job in retrospect, despite not having really great gear and stuff. What made you rank this one where you did? I'm kind of surprised it's not higher, to be honest. Well, I feel like this is the first time where we recorded at like a nice studio, and I think that we were so nervous about having to watch the clock for the first time that we did a ton of work before the record writing parts and kind of mapping out the songs, how we wanted them to be. So we were maybe for the first time—or only time—overprepared in the studio. We wrote the hell out of that record, I think, and when we went in the studio, we just banged it out super quick. It's a super well-thought-out, well-played kind of record, and I think it turned out really well. How did it feel to have it included in that 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die book? It's funny, I just learned that it was in that book yesterday. Yeah, I couldn't believe it. It's amazing. You know, I know that it was a fan-favorite and that it was well-received and stuff, but yeah, that's a huge honor for sure. Amazing. So, we're now out of the four records you wanted to have in a tie and into second place, so what is it about this record that you think makes it a cut above the others? You know, we were still in the trailer, and I think that we had amassed such a large group of songs over the three years of recording bits and pieces of songs, so we kind of put that record together from a lot of good, good pieces that we were into from over the years that we had recorded them. A big thing on that record is we wanted to have like a hard side and a soft side on the record, where side A is the hard side and side B is the soft side. It's sort of risky to roll that way, I think, as far as cohesiveness, but somehow, front to back, the record is super cohesive. There's some of the dirtiest sounds on the record but also some really sweet ones. I just think it's probably our most well-rounded record from everything that we are into or were into as a band. And all the songs on side A that we regularly played live, those songs were sort of the songs that got people's attention. The songs were just suited really well to play live. I'm assuming the new studio, Radio Milk, is named after "Radio Milk How Can You Stand It." What was it about that song that made you want to name the studio and the production company after it? I don't know. That record has sort of like a magic to it that I can't put my finger on. That's why I rank it at the top, because there's still a little bit of a mystery to it when I listen to it. And I mean, a lot of the songs on there are just so weird that it's super fun to listen to from front to back. We sort of honed our skills in the trailer—that was the third and final record that we recorded in the trailer—so we really mastered the space and made the best of the space that we could for recording. And there was a little bit, in writing it, of D, where we kind of wrote a lot beforehand, before we recorded it. So there was a lot of consideration with the parts, and we were at the height of our being super weird with our songwriting, so I think that all kind of came through on the record. Is there anything from this album specifically that you've taken and applied to your subsequent albums? Was there something that kind of clicked for you while you were doing it? You know, that's the thing. We didn't really do anything drastically different. [Laughs] That's why it's still like a mystery. I mean, we always try to channel the record in one way or another in our songwriting and stuff, but yeah. There's just something about it. And it's funny because a lot of those songs on the record we don't play live because they're so hard to get to sound good. So it's just funny like that. I mean, those songs, they needed so much more than just like four dudes could provide. 	entertainment
Area fast food workers rally for higher wages, union rights	A $15 wage floor, hiring hall, and union rights were among the demands voiced by local fast food workers and organizers today during a rally held outside the McDonald’s restaurant at 920 W. North Ave. in Milwaukee’s Lindsay Heights neighborhood. Local fast food workers were joined at the rally by the Milwaukee Area Service & Hospitality Workers Organization (MASH) to target area fast food franchisees, calling on them to provide workers with “Bucks-style” employment standards. “Fast food workers do the same type of work that those are doing at the new Bucks arena, but they are making four or five dollars (an hour) less,” said Marcelia Nicholson, Milwaukee County Board supervisor and vice president of MASH. “In an industry that employs more women and people of color, it’s important that Milwaukee franchises understand the importance of our workers, do what’s right and set a new standard.” Workers who participated in the rally are part of part the Fight for $15, a national movement pushing for $15 wages and union power for fast food industry workers throughout the country. Concession workers at Milwaukee’s General Mitchell International Airport in recent months have also used the Bucks’ fair wage initiatives to demand the same wage floor. “I know the Bucks have already set a standard for what workers should get on the job, and I think people will follow suit,” Nicholson said. A $15 wage floor, hiring hall, and union rights were among the demands voiced by local fast food workers and organizers today during a rally held outside the McDonald’s restaurant at 920 W. North Ave. in Milwaukee’s Lindsay Heights neighborhood. Local fast food workers were joined at the rally by the Milwaukee Area Service & Hospitality Workers Organization (MASH) to target area fast food franchisees, calling on them to provide workers with “Bucks-style” employment standards. “Fast food workers do the same type of work that those are doing at the new Bucks arena, but they are making four or five dollars (an hour) less,” said Marcelia Nicholson, Milwaukee County Board supervisor and vice president of MASH. “In an industry that employs more women and people of color, it’s important that Milwaukee franchises understand the importance of our workers, do what’s right and set a new standard.” Workers who participated in the rally are part of part the Fight for $15, a national movement pushing for $15 wages and union power for fast food industry workers throughout the country. Concession workers at Milwaukee’s General Mitchell International Airport in recent months have also used the Bucks’ fair wage initiatives to demand the same wage floor. “I know the Bucks have already set a standard for what workers should get on the job, and I think people will follow suit,” Nicholson said.	food
Turkish lira further weakens, nearing record low	ANKARA, Turkey — The Turkish lira has further weakened against the dollar amid investors’ move away from emerging markets and concerns over President Recep Tayyip Erdogan economic policies. The lira dropped 4.11 percent on Thursday, trading at around 6.73 against the dollar and moving closer to the record low of 7.24 it hit earlier this month. The currency has lost close to 40 percent of its value since the start of the year. Thursday’s depreciation followed news that the Turkish central banks’ deputy governor, Erkan Kilimci, had resigned and would take up a new position at Turkey’s development bank. Erdogan was expected to appoint his replacement amid growing concerns over the independence of monetary policy. The president has long exerted pressure on the central bank to keep rates lows to encourage growth. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.	finance
All aboard!	A ribbon cutting ceremony by the Central Fort Bend Chamber to celebrate the completion of the exterior renovation of the red MoPac caboose is scheduled for Wednesday, Sept. 5, from 9:30-10:30 a.m. at the Rosenberg Railroad Museum “We are so very excited to have the MoPac Caboose No. 13591 and its screaming eagle logo helping the Rosenberg Railroad Museum educate thousands of visitors each year on the important role the caboose played in the history of railroading,” said Tracy Hobdy, museum executive director.	null
‘It should be ours’: Comm Games’ $35m windfall 	GOLD Coast leaders are urging the State Government to "show us the money" after Commonwealth Games organisers revealed $35 million in savings. The windfall, which the Games organising committee (GOLDO... 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Find the Surface device that's right for you! Microsoft Store Office 2016: Available when and where you need it Microsoft Store Virtual and mixed reality: experience the world in a whole new way! Microsoft Store 	videogame
PHOTOS: Lincoln vs. Bainbridge, Week 2 high school football	PHOTOS: Lincoln vs. Bainbridge, Week 2 high school football Trojans quarterback Chris Beard makes a throw as Lincoln beats Bainbridge 28-6 at Gene Cox Stadium on Thursday, Aug. 30, 2018. Check out this story on tallahassee.com: https://www.tallahassee.com/picture-gallery/sports/preps/2018/08/31/photos-lincoln-vs-bainbridge-week-2-high-school-football/1131047002/ 	sports
Hospital staff question officials after 2nd attack in a week	LAKEWOOD, Wash. — Staff say another nurse was attacked at Washington state’s troubled psychiatric hospital this week, just days after an incident Sunday in which a patient is accused of punching a nurse, knocking her to the floor and stomping on her head. Workers at Western State Hospital rallied Thursday to demand changes in the way officials assign dangerous patients to wards and to call for an increase in staffing. Newly appointed CEO Dave Holt and Tonik Joseph, deputy assistant secretary of the state’s Behavioral Health Administration, spent about two hours hearing grievances from more than 80 workers gathered in an amphitheater. The workers shouted out or raised their hands to question the leaders. “Every single day, staff at Western State Hospital get assaulted,” said one worker. “Some of these people shouldn’t be here,” said another. One nurse said she was assaulted multiple times by a patient who had committed more than 300 attacks during his time at the facility. “We need more core staff and we need more adequate training for staff,” another worker said. Willie Saw, the nursing supervisor on duty Sunday, said the facility is so dangerous “I feel like every day I go to work, somebody is going to die.” The latest case involved a psychiatric nurse working on the high-security forensic unit at about 1 a.m. Wednesday. A patient walked up to the nurse and hit her in the head with his fist, according to the nursing report acquired by The Associated Press. “When she fell to the floor he grabbed her head then hit her head twice on the floor, then stomped her head with his feet,” the report said. “The patient remains very delusional and compelled to attack stating ‘that wasn’t no woman she is the KKK.’” The 850-bed facility has been under investigation for years for health and safety violations. Past federal inspections also found a lack of qualified staff, fear of retaliation from managers and a focus on bureaucracy over staff safety. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in June pulled its accreditation and about $53 million in annual federal funds. Staffing shortages at the hospital 40 miles (64 kilometers) south of Seattle have added to the safety concerns, but the assignment of dangerous patients to less-secure wards is also a factor, staff said. Saw said his staff can’t handle the violent patients who are sent to his ward, and believes they should be held on the high-security forensics unit instead. “I worry about patients on my ward, and I worry about my employees,” Saw said. “Every day it’s like we’re waiting for the time bomb to explode.” Gov. Jay Inslee has asked for a full review of worker safety at the hospital and will work to make any needed changes, spokeswoman Tara Lee said. “We take safety at Western State Hospital for patients and staff very seriously,” Lee said. “We understand and appreciate the difficult and important work that state employees at WSH do every day.” Another nurse, Larry Herbert, said he had to take time off after being assaulted twice in six years. Most recently, Herbert said he was trying to help de-escalate a situation where a patient attacked four co-workers, instead, he was punched in the eye and tore three ligaments in his knee. “I’m kind of afraid to go back to work,” he said. “I love my job. We want to help the patients, but the assaultive patients prevent us and we are always in danger.” Laurie Burnett told AP that her husband is a therapist at the hospital but has been off work since January because he was assaulted by a patient. “This patient is still in the same ward with no restrictions, while my husband is suffering from traumatic brain injury, PTSD, involuntary shaking, stuttering, loss of memory, and many other things,” she said. His loss of income has burdened their family to the point that they may have to file for bankruptcy “or start selling our furniture just to keep our heads above water,” she said. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.	null
Matt Groening thought Michael Jackson call was a prank 	Matt Groening thought he was the victim of a prank when Michael Jackson rang up 'The Simpsons' studio. The 64-year-old cartoonist has revealed that no-one at the show initially believed that the late pop legend had actually rang the studio to offer to do a guest spot on 'The Simpsons'. Matt recalled: "I was sitting in the office late at night. The phone rings, and I pick it up: 'Hi, this is Michael Jackson.'" Matt quickly hung up because he assumed it was a prank. Fortunately, Michael decided to make another call, telling Matt that he was a huge fan of Bart Simpson and that he wanted to appear on 'The Simpsons' - which he did in 1991. Despite this, Michael - who died in June 2009, aged 50 - wasn't allowed to sing his own songs on the episode and so an impersonator was drafted in. Speaking to the Australian chat show 'The Weekly', Matt explained: "There was some kind of deal with his record company or whatever, so when it came time to sing the songs he had a sound-a-like singer. "He stood there and watched the guy, who was so nervous he had to sound like Michael Jackson. And [Jackson] giggled." Meanwhile, Lenny Kravitz recently hinted he would have liked to have given Michael his song 'Low' if he were still alive. Lenny released the track with a posthumous vocal appearance by the late King of Pop from the studio sessions they had together before his death. He said: "I wrote and produced the song '(I Can't Make It) Another Day' for him that came out on his album 'Michael', that was released after he died. "When I was writing 'Low', I felt it was a song that would really suit Michael - when I was recording it I just kept hearing his voice. "I had these other tracks that we'd done and so I put his vocal on to 'Low' from those tracks. It was just a really nice exclamation after I sing the verse, on the outro, he just kept backing me."	entertainment
United Airlines adds Prague and Naples, Italy	A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United Airlines is adding three high-profile international routes – including two entirely new destinations – as it pushes ahead with an aggressive international expansion. The new destinations – Naples, Italy, and Prague – will both be served from United’s hub at Newark Liberty International Airport. United will become the only airline to fly to Naples from anywhere in North America once the service launches May 22. The third route is a new European link for the airline’s San Francisco hub; nonstop service to Amsterdam begins March 30. TODAY IN THE SKY: August route roundup: Where airlines are adding (or cutting) service United also confirmed that two seasonal European routes – Newark-Reykjavik, Iceland, and Newark-Porto, Portugal – will return to the schedule in May 2019 after debuting this year.  The new services are the most-recent in a growing list of new international routes to be announced by United during the past two years. Highlights have included new routes to Buenos Aires, Argentina; Tel Aviv, Israel; Singapore; Tahiti, French Polynesia; and Sydney. ARCHIVES: United launches new San Francisco-Singapore route A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. "We’ve built an unparalleled global network and we continuously look for opportunities to make United the first choice for travelers booking flights to Europe and beyond,” Patrick Quayle, United’s vice president of International Network, said in a statement.  United will face competition on its new Prague and Amsterdam routes. To Prague, Delta already flies seasonally to the Czech capital from nearby New York JFK while American just announced plans to serve Prague from Philadelphia. United’s Amsterdam-San Francisco route will go head-to-head with existing service on Dutch carrier KLM. United already flies to Amsterdam from its hubs at Chicago O’Hare, Houston Bush Intercontinental, Newark Liberty and Washington Dulles. 	airline
Equipment stolen from Cooper's Hawk Winery: Orange Police Blotter	ORANGE, Ohio -- Grand theft from building, breaking and entering (no forced entry); Harvard Road: A Chardon plumbing contractor working at the under-construction Cooper's Hawk Winery near Pinecrest reported Aug. 27 that a chained-and-locked air compressor, along with three extension cords and assorted copper fittings -- valued at a total of $2,500 -- had been stolen from the work site sometime after Aug. 18. Larceny (theft), Brainard Road: A Parma Heights woman reported Aug. 23 that her former roommate in Orange told her that a Chesterland man, 51, had stolen some of the jewelry she'd left behind when she moved out in July. One necklace was found at a Mayfield Heights jewelry store, where a photo was taken identifying the man who had pawned it. The investigation continues. Drunk driving (physical control-refusal), liquor consumption in a motor vehicle; Lander Road: A resident reported around 7 a.m. on Aug. 25 that as she was taking the dog out, she found a strange car parked in her yard. After asking the incoherent driver, a Solon man, 52, if he was OK, he then moved the 2013 Hyundai Sonata into her driveway and closer to her garage, taking out some shrubs in the process. The keys were still in the ignition when police arrived and he told them he thought he was in Solon. He refused a Breathalyzer after officers found a nearly empty bottle of Tito's vodka inside the car. Impaired driving (refusal), lighted lights; Harvard Road: A Sagamore Hills man, 40, was stopped initially for one headlight around 9 p.m. on Aug. 25, when police noticed he was acting oddly by turning away from them towards the console while talking, with a young child in the back seat as well. Police suspected impairment, although during the field sobriety test he explained he could not do the one-legged stand due to gout. He refused a Breathalyzer test, and the child and car were turned over to a relative who arrived on the scene. Assist fire department, warrant served; Brainard Road: Officers responded to an Aug. 22 report of a 4-month-old baby falling off of a bed, although the caller told dispatchers he did not want police to show up. This may have been due to a warrant that was confirmed out of Warrensville Heights against a Cleveland man, 27, found holding the baby. Police also checked on what happened, learning from the older brother, 6, that he had started jumping on the bed and bounced the baby off the mattress and onto the floor. The rescue squad checked the baby out and the mother said she planned to go to the hospital as a precaution, with Warrensville Heights police arriving to take custody of the man. Damage to private property, West Woodcrest Drive: A resident, 52, reported arriving home on the evening of Aug. 27 and finding damage to his yard and driveway, including a split in the concrete apron and a smashed septic pipe that had burn marks as well. He suspected a construction company's dump truck that was working in the area and called the management while officers were on the scene, sending over photos of the damage as well. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page.	null
Mob Protests in Chemnitz Show New Strength of Germany’s Far Right	CHEMNITZ, Germany — Waving German flags, with some flashing Nazi salutes, the angry mob made its way through the streets, chasing after dark-skinned bystanders as police officers, vastly outnumbered, were too afraid to intervene. A Syrian refugee and father of two, Anas al-Nahlawie, watched horrified from a friend’s fourth-floor balcony. They were hunting in packs for immigrants just like him, he said. “Like wolves.” For a few perilous hours over two days this week, the mob owned the streets of Chemnitz, where anger exploded after word spread that an Iraqi and a Syrian asylum seeker were suspected in a knife attack that killed a German man early Sunday. Chemnitz, a city of some 250,000 in eastern Germany, has a history of neo-Nazi protests. Usually they draw a few hundred from the fringes of society — and far larger counter-demonstrations, city officials say. The crowd this time was 8,000-strong. Led by several hundred identifiable neo-Nazis, it appeared to be joined by thousands of ordinary citizens. More marches are planned Saturday. The city had never seen anything like this — and, to some degree, neither had post-World War II Germany. The rampage now stands as a high-water mark in the outpouring of anti-immigrant hatred that has swelled as Germany struggles to absorb the nearly one million asylum seekers who arrived in the country after Chancellor Angela Merkel decided to open the borders in 2015. That decision sharply divided Germany, with critics soon arguing that Ms. Merkel’s administration had lost control of the situation. Three years later, what the government is struggling to control is an anti-immigrant backlash. Neo-Nazis are growing bolder and stronger, and they are better organized, officials and sociologists say. The far-right Alternative for Germany party is a growing power in Parliament — another shock to the system — and has started to normalize angry sentiments about immigrants that before would not have been uttered aloud, bringing them into the mainstream. In the face of this newly assertive far right, Chemnitz has become a test of state authority. Some say it has even become a test of Germany’s postwar democracy. “They are challenging our democratic state in a way they have not done before,” said Barbara Ludwig, the mayor of Chemnitz, a Social Democrat, sitting in her second-floor city hall office one recent morning. “We must pass this test.” That is precisely what the groups behind this week’s disorder see: A pivotal moment they want to use to change the direction of Germany. Benjamin Jahn Zschocke, 32, a leading member of Pro Chemnitz, the nationalist citizens’ movement that registered Monday’s march, described the week’s events as a turning point and drew two historical parallels. Just as the death of a student demonstrator in 1967 set off widespread rioting and ultimately a student revolt that marked the beginning of the liberal progressive era in West Germany, the murder in Chemnitz would mark the beginning of a period of far-right resistance, he predicted. And just as in 1989, when thousands — including his own parents — took to the streets to demand the end of Communism, this week’s marches were aimed at bringing down a “failed system,” he said. “People were sick of the system then and now they are sick of the system again,” he said, adding that he had never voted and did not believe in parliamentary democracy. Mayor Ludwig says the comparison hurts. She, too, marched in 1989. “But we marched for law and order, for democracy, for freedom of speech,” she said. “They want to undermine all of these institutions and are instrumentalizing people’s grief over the terrible murder of a young man.” A thriving industrial hub in the 19th century, Chemnitz was badly damaged during World War II, then rebuilt as a model socialist city under East Germany’s Communist regime and temporarily renamed Karl-Marx-Town. The 7-meter-tall bronze head of Marx in the city center was once a rallying point for demonstrations that took place each Monday to demand the end of Communism; this week it was the rallying point of the far right. Neo-Nazis have a long tradition of holding demonstrations in Chemnitz, the mayor said. For years they would take to the streets on March 5, mourning the day the city was bombed by allied forces in 1945. “But they were always in the hundreds, and the counter-demonstration was always bigger,” Ms. Ludwig said. This week was different. “This mix of far-right extremists and AfD voters was new,” said Hajo Funke, a political scientist at the Free University of Berlin and a veteran expert of the far right. Image Benjamin Jahn Zschocke, a member of Pro Chemnitz, a nationalist group, described the clashes as a turning point for the country.CreditSean Gallup/Getty Images The Alternative for Germany garnered 27 percent in the eastern state of Saxony, where Chemnitz is located, in last year’s national election. Empowered by that success, far-right activists have been able to channel the fears and discontent of voters and, often using social media, mobilize crowds that a few years ago would have been unthinkable, Mr. Funke said. The events in Chemnitz, analysts say, showcase the symbiotic relationship between the neo-Nazis and the Alternative for Germany, which officially distances itself from such groups. The party has done a lot to normalize the language of the far right. If the slogans heard on the streets of Chemnitz this week — from “lying press” to “Germany for the Germans” — have lost their shock value, it is because variations of them are now regularly heard in Parliament. “We have a strong neo-Nazi scene in eastern Germany, but we also have a strong current of far-right extremism in all of Germany — not just in Parliament but in society,” said Matthias Quent, who runs an institute that studies democracy and civil society in the eastern state of Thuringia. That is why the far right is so self-confident, he said: “They think their day has come.” Social media played a significant role in mobilizing the mobs. Within hours of the stabbing last Sunday, soccer hooligans with links to the neo-Nazis posted an appeal online: “Let’s show together who has the say in this city.” Soon rumors started circulating. The victim had been defending a woman who had been molested by the killer. A second victim had died in hospital. Neither was true. But within a few hours, some 800 protesters were on the streets, outnumbering the police 10 to one. The AfD was quick to chime in. “When the state can’t protect its citizens anymore, the citizens take to the street and protect themselves,” Markus Frohnmaier, a lawmaker for the party, said in a Twitter post. “Today it is a citizen’s duty to stop the deadly ‘knife migration!’ ” On Monday, the number of protesters grew tenfold, again catching the police unprepared and again making national headlines with riotous scenes of street battles. Another march on Thursday was much smaller, and largely calm, after the local police were reinforced with federal units. The mass mobilizations highlight worrying new gains for an extremist fringe that for many years was underestimated and — some say willfully — neglected by the German authorities. The feeling of insecurity was palpable this week in Chemnitz across neighborhoods and communities. At the scene of Sunday’s murder, a stone’s throw from City Hall, Wolfgang Grosser, 61, and his wife, Sabine, were lighting a candle. They had known the victim. He was a friend of their son’s, and once helped them move house. “He did not deserve this,” Mr. Grosser said. “He was the nicest possible human being.” “We don’t feel safe in our own city anymore,” he said to the bitter nods of bystanders. “No one bothers calling the police anymore,” Mr. Grosser said. “They are totally overwhelmed and don’t come anyway. So what’s the point?” It is a feeling shared by refugees in Chemnitz. Mahmoud, a 19-year-old Syrian, who declined to give his last name for fear of being targeted by the far right, said the manhunts witnessed on the streets of Chemnitz in recent days were “nothing unusual.” “I have been chased before, and so have my friends,” he said. “Once we called the police, but nothing happened. So the next time we didn’t.” Some accused the authorities of leaking sensitive information about the suspects to the far right. On Tuesday night, the arrest warrant for one of the murder suspects was posted online by three far-right groups. It gave the full names of the suspects, the victim, witnesses and the judge involved. On Thursday, a corrections officer admitted to sending the warrant to Pro Chemnitz, according to the German media, and was suspended from his duties. After the first round of violence on Sunday, refugee organizations warned migrants to stay inside. Mr. Nahlawie said he had heeded the call. But one of his neighbors, a Bulgarian, did not. He was sitting in a cafe with his family on Sunday afternoon, he said, when he suddenly found a knife at the back of his neck. The police swiftly intervened. Still, Mr. Nahlawie says, he worries. When he fled the war in Syria in 2015, he took his wife and young children to Germany — and to safety. Or so he thought. “I’m again afraid for my family,” he said. Christopher F. Schuetze and Karam Shoumali contributed reporting from Berlin.	null
Wife Of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Suspected Of Bribery	Sara Netanyahu, the wife of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, is suspected of bribery. It's part of an ongoing investigation dubbed Case 4000 — which is centered around allegations that members of the prime minister's inner circle used political force to help a prominent Israeli telecommunications group in exchange for favorable coverage. Continue Reading Sara Netanyahu was questioned in this case back in March. Police say evidence shows she was aware of what her actions meant in the alleged scheme. Both the prime minister and his wife have been at the center of multiple scandals in recent months. In May, Sara Netanyahu was charged with fraud and breach of trust in two separate cases. And police have recommended charges for her husband. Haaretz reports that Case 4000 will be transfered from police to the State Prosecutors office in six months. Sara Netanyahu's attorney's called the suspicion absurd and completely false. And the couple released a statement in response, dismissing the allegations.	government
Ronan Farrow’s Ex-Producer Says NBC Impeded Weinstein Reporting	In October, when Ronan Farrow published his first article in The New Yorker on the alleged transgressions of Harvey Weinstein, people in the media and entertainment industries wondered how NBC had missed the story. After all, Mr. Farrow had spent months gathering material on the mogul when he was with NBC News. Now a producer who worked closely with Mr. Farrow has accused the network of putting a stop to the reporting, saying the order came from “the very highest levels of NBC.” Rich McHugh, the producer, who recently left his job in the investigative unit of NBC News, is the first person affiliated with NBC to publicly charge that the network impeded his and Mr. Farrow’s efforts to nail down the story of Mr. Weinstein’s alleged sexual misconduct. He called the network’s handling of the matter “a massive breach of journalistic integrity.” NBC denied his characterization on Thursday, saying Mr. Farrow’s work was not broadcast-ready when the reporter decided to take his reporting to The New Yorker. Nearly two months after he stopped working on the story for NBC, Mr. Farrow published the first in his series of articles on Mr. Weinstein — a series that won a Pulitzer Prize in public service for The New Yorker, an award the magazine shared with The New York Times. Mr. McHugh, 43, described NBC as “resistant” throughout the eight-month reporting process, a characterization disputed by the network. Last August, he said, it seemed that the network was no longer supporting the story. “Three days before Ronan and I were going to head to L.A. to interview a woman with a credible rape allegation against Harvey Weinstein, I was ordered to stop, not to interview this woman,” Mr. McHugh said. “And to stand down on the story altogether.” The producer would not disclose which executives had given him that direction. But by doing so, the network was, in his view, “killing the Harvey Weinstein story.” In response to the producer’s account, Noah Oppenheim, the president of NBC News, said, “He was never told to stop in the way he’s implying.” One problem, in Mr. Oppenheim’s view, was the lack of on-the-record, on-camera interviews. “We repeatedly made clear to Ronan and Rich McHugh the standard for publication is we needed at least one credible on-the-record victim or witness of misconduct,” Mr. Oppenheim said. “And we never met that threshold while Ronan was reporting for us.” Mr. Oppenheim added that the day before the planned trip, Mr. Farrow had asked to pursue the story for another outlet. “Ronan reached out to us and said: ‘I want to get this out now. I have a magazine that’s willing to do it. Will you be O.K. if I take the reporting to this magazine?’” Mr. Oppenheim said. “And we granted him permission to do so.” Soon after that mid-August conversation, however, Mr. Farrow, whom NBC described as a nonexclusive contributor, requested the use of an NBC camera crew for the interview in Los Angeles. That request seemed to suggest that he was open to staying on the story for the network. Mr. Oppenheim shot down the request, severing the network’s relationship with the reporter. Mr. Oppenheim recalled the conversation: “We said: ‘You’ve asked for permission to go elsewhere. You can’t use an NBC camera crew for another outlet. You can do whatever you want to do. And you don’t work for us.’” Mr. Farrow implied that the network had mishandled his work during an appearance on Rachel Maddow’s MSNBC program that aired shortly after the publication of his first Weinstein article. “I walked into the door at The New Yorker with an explosively reportable piece that should have been public earlier,” he said. On Twitter last fall, Mr. Farrow praised Mr. McHugh, saying he had “refused to bow to pressure to stop, through numerous shoots, even when it meant risking his job.” He also called him an “unsung hero of this entire story.” In a statement for this article, Mr. Farrow said: “Rich is a fantastic producer and journalist. He’s a person of integrity, and he cared deeply about the investigative stories we worked on together and the importance of seeing them through.” Mr. McHugh left the network almost two weeks ago, after getting a job as a co-executive producer of a climate-change documentary hosted by Al Gore. He has decided to speak out at a moment when there is a harsh spotlight on NBC News and its chairman, Andrew Lack, who sits above Mr. Oppenheim in the corporate chain of command. Image Mr. Farrow at a Pulitzer Prize luncheon in May. NBC said his work was not broadcast-ready when he decided to take his reporting to The New Yorker.CreditBebeto Matthews/Associated Press Mr. Lack, 71, ran NBC News for a time in the 1990s and returned to the network in 2015. During his latest stint, he has overseen ratings gains for its cable network, MSNBC, and has successfully navigated an anchor transition at “NBC Nightly News.” But the division he oversees has faced serious criticism. In the fall of 2016, as the presidential campaign entered its final, heated weeks, NBC was scooped by The Washington Post, which broke the story of the “Access Hollywood” tape in which Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee, was heard speaking about women in vulgar terms. “Access Hollywood” is part of the NBC Universal family, which gave the network a first shot at the story. Mr. Lack has also fallen under scrutiny over what network executives may have known about the workplace behavior of the former “Today” anchor Matt Lauer, who was fired in November because of allegations of sexual misconduct against him. In May, an NBC investigation cleared network executives of any wrongdoing in the Lauer matter — but that investigation drew criticism because it was conducted by in-house counsel, rather than an outside law firm. On Thursday, Mr. Lack became a target of President Trump, who claimed on Twitter that the executive was “about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse.” The tweet was one of many recent presidential statements attacking news organizations, and it appeared three days after The New York Post’s Page Six gossip column reported that Mr. Lack was “facing the boot.” Before joining NBC, Mr. McHugh spent eight years as a producer for ABC’s “Good Morning America.” He joined forces with Mr. Farrow, a lawyer turned journalist, in 2015 for “Undercovered With Ronan Farrow,” a series that aired on “Today.” The pair zeroed in on Mr. Weinstein early last year, after Mr. Farrow had locked down an interview with the actress and activist Rose McGowan to speak about allegations of sexual harassment in Hollywood. “From that point on, I think it’s fair to say Ronan and I felt resistance,” Mr. McHugh said. “We were told to put the story on the back burner.” Mr. Oppenheim said that he had encouraged Mr. Farrow to interview Ms. McGowan. “I said to him, ‘You know, there’s an actress, Rose McGowan, who’s been tweeting she was attacked by a studio executive,’” Mr. Oppenheim said. “There are rumors circulating that it might be Harvey Weinstein. You should look into that.” Rich Greenberg, the executive editor of the NBC News investigative unit, added that Ms. McGowan did not give an ideal interview, for the network’s purposes. “The problem was, we didn’t have a credible accuser on the record, on camera,” Mr. Greenberg said. “The one we had the closest hope of getting, Rose McGowan, pulled out. She’d never say Harvey Weinstein’s name on camera with us.” Mr. Oppenheim said Mr. Weinstein had no influence on the network’s handling of the Weinstein story. The NBC executives’ comments echoed findings contained in a 12-page internal report that the network provided to The Times. But there was a big story to be gotten, and the reporting continued into the spring and summer, albeit “discreetly,” Mr. McHugh said. Mr. Farrow gained access to a recording of a New York Police Department sting operation in which Mr. Weinstein admitted to groping the model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. Even with the addition of that tape, Mr. McHugh said, executives at NBC News seemed unpersuaded. “I think it’s fair to say that there was a point in our reporting where I felt there were obstacles to us reporting this externally, and there were obstacles to us reporting this internally,” the producer said. “Externally, I had Weinstein associates calling me repeatedly. I knew that Weinstein was calling NBC executives directly. One time it even happened when we were in the room.” On Oct. 5, The Times published the first of its articles detailing allegations of sexual misconduct against Mr. Weinstein. That evening, CBS and ABC gave airtime to the explosive story on their newscasts. NBC did not. The next morning, “Today” gave it scant attention. Mr. Farrow published his first New Yorker article on Mr. Weinstein on Oct. 10. Since then, Mr. McHugh has questioned how NBC handled things. “I don’t believe they’ve told the truth about it,” he said. “That’s my opinion. I’ve asked that question, and to this day I still have not been given a good answer.” Asked why it had taken him so long to leave the network, Mr. McHugh said he had stayed on so he could continue providing for his family and out of a fear that NBC could retaliate against him. He has retained the Washington-based lawyer Ari Wilkenfeld. Mr. Wilkenfeld also represents women who have made allegations against Mr. Lauer and another NBC luminary, Tom Brokaw, who has been accused of making unwanted advances toward women he worked with. In addition to his continuing work for The New Yorker, Mr. Farrow is writing a book, “Catch and Kill,” which is expected to include his account of NBC’s role in the reporting of the Weinstein story.	entertainment
15 aboard Hawaii flight treated after pepper spray goes off 	HONOLULU (AP) — A can of pepper spray went off inside a plane headed from Oakland, California, to Maui on Friday, requiring emergency help for several people aboard, Hawaiian Airlines said. Twelve passengers and three flight attendants were treated for respiratory issues and released by emergency responders at the airport in Kahului, Hawaii, airline spokesman Alex Da Silva said. A passenger illegally brought the pepper spray on the plane carrying 256 passengers and 10 crew members, but it appears it discharged accidentally, Da Silva said in a statement. The airline could not provide any details about the passenger or why they believe the release was accidental. The flight crew of the Boeing 767 declared an emergency to get priority at the airport in Hawaii. About 30 people complained of being affected by the irritant, but no one was taken to the hospital, Hawaii Department of Transportation spokesman Tim Sakahara said. The airline said the flight was delayed earlier Friday after a teenager in Oakland sent a photo depicting a fake crime scene "featuring a child-sized mannequin" to other passengers' cellphones. The teen and his family were booked for a later flight while officials investigated. Hawaiian Airlines said the two incidents were not related and the family's baggage had to be located and removed from the plane, causing the delay. The Federal Aviation Administration said in an emailed statement that it could not confirm what the substance was but that pepper spray is prohibited on planes. The agency can take legal action against anyone who violates federal aviation regulations. Officials with the Transportation Security Administration, which screens carry-on baggage, and the National Transportation Safety Board did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Oakland International Airport referred questions to Hawaiian Airlines.	airline
Movie Menu: Pretty Woman, The Godfather, Pillow Talk and more	Looking for a movie to enjoy this holiday weekend? Check out the Oscar nominees and winners showing on broadcast television and cable stations. This candid, compelling look at what can emerge from the most challenged of neighborhoods won a well-deserved Oscar nomination for its dynamic screenplay. Garry Marshall’s delightful romantic comedy – about a man looking for love in some unusual places – won an Oscar nomination for Julia Roberts and is now a Broadway musical. Joan Crawford, seven years after winning an Oscar for Mildred Pierce, received a Best Actress nomination for this thriller about ambition, deceit and, as the title suggests, fear. Ron Howard’s tribute to mathematician John Nash was named Best Picture, along with Oscars for Howard (director), Jennifer Connelly (Supporting Actress) and the film’s screenplay. Billy Wilder’s cynical look at what people will do so they can cheat and deceive was nominated for seven Oscars including Best Picture and Actress (Barbara Stanwyck). Lawrence Kasdan’s exploration of hopes, fears and disappointments among college friends grabbed Oscar nominations for Best Picture, Supporting Actress (Glenn Close) and screenplay. George Cukor’s faithful translation of the Broadway musical hit won eight Oscars including Best Picture, Director (Cukor) and Actor (Rex Harrison). But Audrey Hepburn was snubbed. Francis Ford Coppola’s masterful interpretation of Mario Puzo’s novel was named Best Picture, as well as Director (Coppola) and Actor (Marlon Brando). Doris Day’s first romantic comedy with Rock Hudson won an Oscar for its screenplay as well as acting nominations for Day and supporting player Thelma Ritter. Two years later, Coppola became the only director to win a Best Picture Oscar for a sequel, one of six Academy Awards for the film including Supporting Actor (Robert DeNiro).	entertainment
DowntownersAssociationdebutedtheLunchPad	WILLISTON, N.D. - As Williston grows, so are opportunities for fun community building events. The Williston Downtowners Association debuted the Lunch Pad this morning, in the lot of the former Hedderichs building downtown. The event started with free yoga and featured yard games, food trucks and music. Williston Downtowners Association Executive Director Louise Skaare says the idea is for people to come out, eat lunch, enjoy downtown and meet new people. Residents who work downtown and even those who don't stopped by to enjoy the food and fun. The lot where the Hedderichs building stood just over a year ago continues to serve as a site for community events. The Saturday farmer's market has been at home there for a few weeks now, and next month it'll be the place to try out local and regional breweries during Brew Fest. Skaare says they want to continue the spirit of the storied Williston landmark. "You know Hedderichs was a very unique place in our community. It brought people together, it had corky, fun things, there were spaces to Hedderichs that you didn't know existed until you got there and in a way we want to reflect that with our community. We have people coming out, we have people showcasing different skills and talents. I mean the food some of these guys make and even at the Main St. Markets, some of our vendors, like we have an amazing community and we get to use this lot to showcase those people and get people excited for where they live," said Executive Director Louise Skaare. The Lunch Pad concept was such a success that Skaare says they've already scheduled the next one for Thursday, Sept. 27. 	food
BALDWIN Vision Systems to Unwrap the Secret to Accurate Color Reproduction at Packaging Innovations 2018	St. Louis, Mo. – BALDWIN Vision Systems, market leader in color management, register control, and defect management technology, will feature the latest automated solutions during Packaging Innovations 2018 (stand D70, 12-13 September, Olympia London, UK). Experts will be on-hand throughout the show to demonstrate how converters and brand owners can utilize simplified yet powerful automated workflow solutions to eliminate defects and deliver perfect color across their operation. BALDWIN Vision Systems’ innovative product range enables a more efficient, automated production process for managing the complex requirements and exacting standards required throughout the packaging industry. This streamlined workflow provides numerous benefits to the converter and their customers, such as consistent, accurate print quality, reduced waste, and reduced customer rebates—all delivering a faster return on investment. Stephen Matthews, Regional Sales Manager for BALDWIN Vision Systems in the UK, Ireland, and Scandinavia, explains, “When it comes to packaging design, color inconsistencies will often be negatively interpreted by the consumer. It can affect brand awareness, recognition or even lead them to believe the product inside is inferior. The need for accurate color across the same or several product ranges by one brand is critical in a world of fast-paced consumer buying habits. For the first time at Packaging Innovations, we will showcase our market-leading solutions that enable brands and packaging converters to achieve consistent color and enjoy all the benefits of an automated print process—such as fewer production errors and therefore, less waste.” Among the products highlighted on the BALDWIN Vision Systems’ stand is ColorTrack™—an intuitive software that facilitates fast, accurate press-side correction of ink formulations. This “color expert in a box” software automates the process of delivering absolute consistency from press-to-press, shift-to-shift, and plant-to-plant. Color Measurement with DeltaCam™ delivers affordable, accurate inline spectral measurement to achieve absolute color consistency. Packaging converters can utilize accurate, automated L*a*b* measurement on film, paper, or board, ensuring that all printed products are within the customers’ color specifications. Using InkWeigh™ software and scales, press operators can eliminate trial and error by weighing and tracking ink corrections at the press for each client, each job. Printers can also optimize and reduce leftover storage and ensure full traceability. Guardian PQV advanced inspection is a feature-rich system that provides true 100 percent print inspection for pharmaceutical, converting, label, flexo, wide, and narrow web applications. At home on any press or slitter/rewinder, the system provides unparalleled power and accuracy through defect detection, OCR/OCV, bar code grading and verification, dimensional gauging and much more. As a new business unit formed by BALDWIN Technology Company Inc., BALDWIN Vision Systems strategically combines the expertise and technology of acquired businesses PC Industries, QuadTech, and Web Printing Controls to form the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio available for print process automation, inspection, and related services. Matthews concludes, “This new powerhouse of technologies enables BALDWIN Vision Systems to offer complete software and hardware solutions. It’s an exciting time for our valued customer base, and for prospects wanting to speak to us during the show, as this combined expertise and resource creates a unique proposition. The option to tie in multiple products from one leading supplier maximizes our customers’ investment and provides a more coherent solution to meet demand for fast, accurate color and quality control. Packaging Innovations is sure to provide the ideal platform to connect with the packaging community, showcase the benefits of our products, and communicate this new and unique offering.” Color Measurement with DeltaCam provides accurate inline spectral measurements, reducing waste and ensuring all printed products are within print customers’ color specifications.	manufacture
CERN scientists have witnessed the decay of the Higgs boson particle 	Six years after discovering the Higgs boson particle, scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research, or CERN, have witnessed it decaying into bottom quarks for the first time, demonstrating what is thought to be the most common way for Higgs bosons to decay. As the previously theoretical particle which confirms science’s best model of the universe, the announcement represents a significant milestone in our understanding of the Standard Model of particle physics. News concerning the decay of the Higgs boson to bottom quarks was revealed by ATLAS (A Toroidal LHC ApparatuS) and CMS (Compact Muon Solenoid) researchers at CERN, where the Large Hadron Collider is located. It represented the culmination of years of research, which confirm the prediction made by scientists. Higgs bosons are created in just one out of every billion Large Hadron Collider collisions. They live for only the tiniest fraction of a second before their energy is converted into other particles. The results of this latest experiment was, in part, the result of artificial intelligence techniques — with deep learning neural networks used to help analyze the data produced. “The observation of Higgs to bottom quark decays is an important milestone in our efforts to use the Higgs as a tool for discovery,” Paul Padley, a particle physicist at Rice University in Houston, who was involved with the research, told Digital Trends. “While the observation is consistent, within measurement error, with the Standard Model expectations there is plenty of room in the results for new physics to be taking place.” The landmark event is significant due to the fact that it opens up ways for scientists to examine the behavior of the Higgs boson. For example, it could be used to explore whether it can interact with new undiscovered particles. However, Radley was keen to point out that this represents the beginning of a new phase of research, and certainly not the end. “This observation is a leaping off point to explore the properties of the Higgs boson in detail in the hopes of throwing some light on the many mysteries that persist in our understanding of the universe,” Padley continued. “For example, some theories that have been created to explain dark matter also predict that the details of how the Higgs decays to bottom quarks will be slightly different to the Standard Model predictions. This is just an early, but important, step in a long journey of exploration.”	research
Jennifer Lawrence Wore the Chicest "Lift and Tuck" Leggings	Surprisingly, Jennifer Lawrence's street style is quite accessible (for a celebrity, at least). She actually re-wears pieces and mixes high and low items like a pro. Since she's a constant source of inspiration for so many women, we're always on the lookout for her latest looks, and what we found this week was on the very casual end of the spectrum yet still inspirational: a T-shirt, leggings, and slide sandals. It's been a minute since we've been particularly inspired by a pair of leggings, as the trend is as saturated as they come. That said, it's helpful to put the reminder out there that they're still (and always will be) a wardrobe staple, and Lawrence's leggings in particular are worth considering for your next purchase. Featuring a flattering high waist and modern graphic line details, the Alo leggings are designed with "lift and tuck" fabric, according to the brand. "The ultra-stretchy fabric lifts and sculpts in all the right places," Alo advertises. I'm sold—how about you? Shop the leggings J.Law just wore, along with more "lifting" leggings by Alo, below.	fashion
Air leaking from Russian side of International Space Station	A small air leak has developed on the Russian side of the International Space Station. NASA and Russian space officials stressed Thursday that the six astronauts are in no danger. But both the crew and ground controllers are working hard to isolate the leak. Russian officials say the pressure leak was detected Wednesday night and may be the result of a micrometeorite strike. It's believed to be in the most recent Soyuz capsule docked at the space station. This Soyuz — one of two up there — arrived at the orbiting lab in June with three astronauts. It's their ride home, too, come December. The 250-mile-high outpost is home to three Americans, two Russians and one German. 	airline
Dancing butter? 	Yellow does for September what orange does for October. It makes you feel that all is well and right, and that summer is coming to a close. The end-of-summer prairie is filled with many different hues of yellow. My favorite yellow is that of tall coreopsis (Coreopsis tripteris), now in bloom at Kankakee Sands. The yellow of tall coreopsis is not as bright as that of the goldenrods, or as bold as that of the wild lettuces, nor is it as brilliant as that of the sunflowers. Tall coreopsis petals have a more subtle, creamy, buttery shade of yellow. As its name implies, tall coreopsis is tall, typically five to seven feet in height. Multiple yellow flowers with maroon centers, two inches in diameter, grace the top of branching stems. Tall coreopsis leaves are five inches in length and arranged on opposite sides of the stem. The tips of the leaves are divided into three or five narrow, lance-shaped sections. The stems of tall coreopsis are long and spindly, so much so that even the slightest breeze will have the entire plant dancing to and fro, swaying from side to side. Despite its fragile appearance, tall coreopsis is a hardy species. It is a perennial plant that will grow in full-sun to part-shade conditions. As for soil, it isn’t particular about sand or loam or clay. As long as it has a medium amount of moisture it will thrive. Tall coreopsis will tolerate competition from other plants, drought, and has few diseases which negatively affect its growth. The flowers of tall coreopsis are frequented by many insects, including butterflies and bees, which drink nectar and gather pollen from the flowers. The seeds of tall coreopsis provide a nutritious fuel for the migratory songbirds that pass through our area in the late September and October, as well as the birds which overwinter here. The stem and leaves of tall coreopsis have a sweet anise scent that can be used as a fragrant potpourri. Tall coreopsis is a native plant that is commonly found in prairies. It occurs in twenty-seven of the eastern and Midwestern states, as well as the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario. In northwest Indiana, tall coreopsis is one of three coreopsis species that are native to our area. Earlier this year, sand coreopsis (Coreopsis lanceolata) was featured in a Nature Notes article. It is a spring-bloomer and reminds me of sunshine on a stick. Prairie coreopsis (Coreopsis palmata) blooms during the summer, is the shortest of the three coreopsis, and typically grows in large continuous swaths. Visit Kankakee Sands anytime spring through fall to see the sand, prairie or tall coreopsis in bloom. But be sure to visit Kankakee Sands this September if you’d like to enjoy the buttery yellow of the dancing, tall coreopsis. The Nature Conservancy’s Kankakee Sands is an 8,300-acre prairie and savanna habitat in Northwest Indiana, open every day of the year for public enjoyment. For more information about Kankakee Sands, visit www.nature.org/KankakeeSands or call the office at 219-285-2184.	null
Tianjin Airlines connects Heathrow with Chongqing	Heathrow Airport is continuing to gain links to China with services to Chongqing, the airport’s 10th direct connection to the country. The thrice-weekly service is operated by Tianjin Airlines on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays using an Airbus A330-200 offering 3,744 tonnes of cargo capacity for imports and exports per year. Chongqing is the most populous Chinese municipality, and is part of the West Triangle Economic Zone, which includes Chengdu and Xi’an, contributing to nearly 40 per cent of Western China’s GDP. Heathrow chief commercial officer, Ross Baker says the airport is pleased to welcome its 10th direct connection to China, saying: “Heathrow is proud of its role as the UK’s Hub airport and biggest gateway for Chinese passengers and cargo going between our two countries.” He adds: “But we have much further to go, and now that Parliament has voted unequivocally in favour of Heathrow expansion we will ensure London, and the UK, become the destination of choice for Chinese trade, tourism, and investment.” Last year, services to China via Heathrow contributed £510 million to the UK economy, supporting up to 15,000 jobs according to Frontier Economics. Cargo volumes to and from China from Heathrow increased more than 10 per cent to 137,000 tonnes, but the airport is still missing out on connections to important Chinese cities. This year, Heathrow has gained links to Wuhan, Sanya, Changsha, Xi’an and now Chongqing, but does not have links to Chengdu, Hangzhou, Kunming, Nanjing, Shenyang, Tianjin, Urumqi and Xiamen.	airline
CAR-T Therapies Market, 2018-2030 - Review and Quantify Future Opportunities - ResearchAndMarkets.com	DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The "CAR-T Therapies Market, 2018-2030" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. The "CAR-T Therapies Market, 2018-2030" report features an extensive study of the current market landscape and the future potential of CAR-T therapies. One of the key objectives of the study was to review and quantify the future opportunities associated with the ongoing development programs of both small and big pharmaceutical firms. Amidst the current initiatives to deve	finance
FAST FIVE: "Sloppy" Carl Bernstein Hits Back At Trump: "I Stand By My Reporting" 	“I have spent my life as a journalist bringing the truth to light, through administrations of both parties,” Bernstein tweeted at Trump. There may be many fools in this story but @carlbernstein is not one of them. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country. It was awful to watch it.” About this time, people noticed that Bernstein was drinking more heavily. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 30, 2018 Nearly two hours after Trump's first tweet, Don Jr. 	government
The Rise of Resurrection Biology	I was a newly minted Ph.D. when I first saw Jurassic Park. It was June 1993, and my wife and I were beginning to enjoy our new-found freedom, after years of too much study and too little money. I must confess that we weren’t dinosaur geeks. But there was something about the hype surrounding the movie that hooked us. Plus, we fancied a night out. That summer, dinosaurs ruled the world. Wherever you looked, there were dinosaurs. Dinosaur books, dinosaur parks, dinosaurs on TV, dinosaur-obsessed kids. Jurassic Park seemingly tapped into a dinosaur-obsessed seam buried deep within the human psyche. This was helped along of course by the ground-breaking special effects the movie pioneered. Even now, there’s a visceral realism to the blended physical models and computer-generated images that brings these near-mythical creatures to life in the movie. This is a large part of the appeal of Jurassic Park. There’s something awe-inspiring — awe-full in the true sense of the word — about these “terrible lizards” that lived millions of years ago, and that are utterly alien to today’s world. This sense of awe runs deep through the movie. Listening to John Williams’ triumphant theme music, it doesn’t take much to realize that under the gloss of danger and horror, Jurassic Park is at heart a celebration of the might and majesty of the natural world. Jurassic Park is unabashedly a movie about dinosaurs. But it’s also a movie about greed, ambition, genetic engineering, and human folly — all rich pickings for thinking about the future, and what could possibly go wrong … In 1993 when Jurassic Park was released, the idea of bringing extinct species back from the dead was pure science fiction. Back then, advances in understanding DNA were fueling the fantasy that, one day, we may be able to recode genetic sequences to replicate species that are no longer around. But by any stretch of the imagination, this was beyond the wildest dreams of scientists in the early 1990’s. Yet since the movie was made, there have been incredible strides in genetic engineering; so much so that scientists are now actively working on bringing back extinct species from the dead. And the field even has its own name: de-extinction. More than the technology though, Jurassic Park foreshadows the growing complexities of using powerful new technologies in an increasingly crowded and demanding world. In 1993, chaos theory was still an emerging field. Since then, it’s evolved and expanded to include whole areas of study around complex systems; especially where mixing people and technology together leads to unpredictable results. What really stands out with Jurassic Park over 25 years on though is how it reveals a very human side of science and technology. This comes out in questions around when we should tinker with technology, and when we should leave well alone. But there is also a narrative here that appears time and time again with the movies in this book, and that is how we get our heads around the sometimes-oversized roles mega- entrepreneurs play in dictating now new tech is used, and possibly abused. These are all issues that are just as relevant now as they were in 1993, and are front and center of ensuring that the technology-enabled future we’re building is somewhere we want to live, and not one where we’re constantly fighting for our lives … In a far corner of Siberia, two Russians — Sergey Zimov and his son Nikita — are attempting to recreate the ice age. More precisely, their vision is to reconstruct the landscape and ecosystem of northern Siberia in the Pleistocene; a period in Earth’s history that stretches from around two and a half million years ago to eleven thousand years ago. This was a time when the environment was much colder than now, with huge glaciers and ice sheets flowing over much of the Earth’s northern hemisphere. It was also a time when humans coexisted with animals that are long-extinct, including saber tooth cats, giant ground sloths, and woolly mammoths. The Zimov’s ambitions are an extreme example of “Pleistocene rewilding”; a movement to re-introduce relatively recently-extinct large animals, or their close modern-day equivalents, to regions where they were once common. In the case of the Zimov’s, the father and son team believe that, by reconstructing the Pleistocene ecosystem in the Siberian steppes and elsewhere, they can slow down the impacts of climate change on these regions. These areas are dominated by permafrost; ground that never thaws through the year. Permafrost ecosystems have developed and survived over millennia, but a warming global climate (a theme we’ll come back to in chapter 12 and the movie The Day After Tomorrow) threatens to catastrophically disrupt them, and as this happens, the impacts on biodiversity could be devastating. But what gets climate scientists even more worried is potentially massive releases of trapped methane as the permafrost disappears. Pleistocene Park is, by no stretch of the imagination, a modern-day Jurassic Park. The dinosaurs in Hammond’s park date back to the Mesozoic period, from around 250 million years ago to 65 million years ago. By comparison, the Pleistocene is relatively modern history, ending a mere eleven and a half thousand years ago. And the vision behind Pleistocene Park is not thrills, spills, and profit, but the serious use of science and technology to stabilize an increasingly unstable environment. Yet there is one thread that ties them together, and that’s using genetic engineering to re-introduce extinct species. In this case, the species in question is warm-blooded and furry: The woolly mammoth. The idea of de-extinction, or bringing back species from extinction (it’s even called “resurrection biology” in some circles) has been around for a while. It’s a controversial idea, and it raises a lot of tough ethical questions. But proponents of de-extinction argue that we’re losing species and ecosystems at such a rate that we can’t afford not to explore technological interventions to help stem the flow … In 2013, Sergey Zimov was introduced to the geneticist George Church at a conference on de-extinction. Church is an accomplished scientist in the field of DNA analysis and reconstruction, and a thought-leader in the field of synthetic biology (which we’ll come back to in chapter 9). It was a match made in resurrection biology heaven. Zimov wanted to populate his Pleistocene Park with mammoths, and Church thought he could see a way of achieving this. What resulted was an ambitious project to de-extinct the woolly mammoth. Church, and others who are working on this, have faced plenty of hurdles. But the technology has been advancing so fast that, as of 2017, scientists were predicting they would be able to reproduce the woolly mammoth within the next two years … Perhaps one of the most famous lines from Jurassic Park — at least for people obsessed with the dark side of science — is when Ian Malcolm berates Hammond by saying “your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should.” Ethics and responsibility in science are complicated. I’ve met remarkably few scientists and engineers who would consider themselves to be unethical or irresponsible. That said, I know plenty of scientists who are so engaged with their work and the amazing things they believe it’ll lead to, that they sometimes struggle to appreciate the broader context within which they operate. The challenges surrounding ethical and responsible research are deeply pertinent to de-extinction. A couple of decades ago, they were largely academic. The imaginations of scientists back when Jurassic Park hit the screen far outstripped the techniques they had access to at the time. Things are very different now though, as research on woolly mammoths and other extinct species is showing. In a very real way, we’re entering a world that very much echoes the “can-do” culture of Hammond’s Jurassic Park, where scientists are increasingly able to do what was once unimaginable. In such a world though, where do the lines between “could” and “should” lie, and how do scientists, engineers and others develop the understanding and ability to do what is socially responsible, while avoiding what is not? … For all its scientific inaccuracies and fantastical scenarios, Jurassic Park does a good job of illuminating the challenges of unintended consequences arising from somewhat naive and myopic science. Take InGen’s scientists for instance. They’re portrayed as being so enamored with what they’ve achieved, that they lack the ability to see beyond their own brilliance to what they might have missed.13 Of course, they’re not fools. They know that they’re breaking new ground with bringing dinosaurs back to life, and that there are going to be risks. It would be problematic for instance if any of the dinosaurs escaped the island and survived; and they recognize this. And so, the scientists deigned them to be dependent on a substance it was thought they couldn’t get enough of naturally — the essential amino acid lysine. This was the so-called “lysine contingency”, and as it turns out, it isn’t too dissimilar from techniques real-world genetic engineers use to control their progeny … Michael Crichton started playing with the ideas behind Jurassic Park in the 1980’s, when “chaos” was becoming trendy. I was an undergraduate at the time studying physics, and it was near-impossible to avoid the world of “strange attractors” and “fractals”. These were the years of the “Mandelbrot Set”, and computers that were powerful enough to calculate the numbers it contained and display them as stunningly psychedelic images. The recursive complexity in the resulting fractals became the poster-child of a growing field of mathematics that grappled with systems where, beyond certain limits, their behavior was impossible to predict. The field came to be known informally as chaos theory. Chaos theory grew out of the work of the American meteorologist Edward Lorenz. When he started his career, it was assumed that the solution to more accurate weather prediction was better data and better models. But in the 1950’s, Lorenz began to challenge this idea. And what he found was that in some cases, minute changes in atmospheric conditions could lead to dramatically different outcomes down the line; so much so that in sufficiently complex systems it was impossible to predict the results of seemingly insignificant changes… In 1963 when he published the paper that established chaos theory, it was a revolutionary idea — at least to scientists who still hung onto the assumption that we live in a predictable world. Much as quantum physics challenged scientist’s ideas of how predictable physical processes are in the invisible world of atoms and subatomic particles, chaos theory challenged their belief that, if we have enough information, we can predict the outcomes of our actions in our everyday lives … Films from the Future: The Technology and Morality of Sci-Fi Movies is currently available for pre-order on Amazon.com.	null
Roof of 16th century church collapses in Roman Forum 	ROME (AP) — A huge chunk of the wooden roof of a 16th century church built over an ancient Roman prison has collapsed in Rome's Forum. No one was injured as the San Giuseppe dei Falegnami church was closed at the time. Firefighters were called to the scene Thursday and even called in sniffer dogs to make sure no one was injured. Provincial vice-captain Marcello Lombardini said no victims had been located. The church is located on the western edge of the Roman Forum, near to Piazza Venezia. It was built starting in 1598 over what had been a prison in Roman times.	null
Against Identity Politics	FRANCIS FUKUYAMA is Olivier Nomellini Senior Fellow at the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies at Stanford University and Mosbacher Director of the institute’s Center on Democracy, Development, and the Rule of Law. This essay is adapted from his forthcoming book Identity: The Demand for Dignity and the Politics of Resentment (Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2018). © 2018 by Francis Fukuyama. Beginning a few decades ago, world politics started to experience a dramatic transformation. From the early 1970s to the first decade of this century, the number of electoral democracies increased from about 35 to more than 110. Over the same period, the world’s output of goods and services quadrupled, and growth extended to virtually every region of the world. The proportion of people living in extreme poverty plummeted, dropping from 42 percent of the global population in 1993 to 18 percent in 2008. But not everyone benefited from these changes. In many countries, and particularly in developed democracies, economic inequality increased dramatically, as the benefits of growth flowed primarily to the wealthy and well-educated. The increasing volume of goods, money, and people moving from one place to another brought disruptive changes. In developing countries, villagers who previously had no electricity suddenly found themselves living in large cities, watching TV, and connecting to the Internet on their mobile phones. Huge new middle classes arose in China and India—but the work they did replaced the work that had been done by older middle classes in the developed world. Manufacturing moved steadily from the United States and Europe to East Asia and other regions with low labor costs. At the same time, men were being displaced by women in a labor market increasingly dominated by service industries, and low-skilled workers found themselves replaced by smart machines. Ultimately, these changes slowed the movement toward an increasingly open and liberal world order, which began to falter and soon reversed. The final blows were the global financial crisis of 2007–8 and the euro crisis that began in 2009. In both cases, policies crafted by elites produced huge recessions, high unemployment, and falling incomes for millions of ordinary workers. Since the United States and the EU were the leading exemplars of liberal democracy, these crises damaged the reputation of that system as a whole. 	null
All In the name ‘Kiki dance challenge’ pilot jumps out of a moving plane (Video)	Alejandra Manriquez Pérez is filmed in the cockpit before jumping out onto the tarmac with her flight assistant. The pair then dance alongside the jet as it rolls slowly along. The ‘Do The Shiggy’ dance was inspired by Drake’s latest single ‘In My Feelings’, from the new album Scorpion. Thousands of social media users, including celebrities have been posting footage of themselves doing silly dances to the tune of the hit song.	fashion
Flooding could impact weekend travel	Flooding in parts of the state could complicate Labor Day travel. DOT spokesman Mark Kantola says some highways are still shut down because of high water or washouts. He says with the flooding, there may be some closed roads and crews working to get them re-opened. He says it’s especially bad near Madison and La Crosse. Kantola says construction crews will be taking the weekend off but drivers still have to slow down in work zones. He says people should check the state’s 511 website for the latest closures to make sure they won’t be impacted.	null
Michael Jackson’s Family Celebrate 60th Birthday In Las Vegas With Usher & More	Last night saw family and fans of Michael Jackson unite to celebrate the King Of Pop’s 60th Birthday. Las Vegas played host to the centre-piece event designed to honor MJ’s immeasurable impact and legacy. The celebration saw the late legend’s children Prince Jackson and Paris Jackson take a central role – accepting an award on their father’s behalf and hosting a special auction. Speaking with accepting an award for their father from Quinn Tivey of The Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation (he’s Elizabeth Taylor’s grandson), Prince said: “On behalf of my sister and myself, it is a privilege and honor to be here about something that my dad was so passion about and who he held so near and dear to his heart. The way my father led his life, he led by example. Even though he was the King of Pop, he never thought he was too big for any person, no matter what you did no matter where you came from.”	entertainment
UPDATE 1-U.S. crude production rises to record as drilling climbs in Texas - EIA	NEW YORK, Aug 31 (Reuters) - U.S. crude oil production rose 231,000 barrels per day, or 2 percent, to a record 10.674 million bpd in June, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said in a monthly report on Friday. The agency also revised its estimate for May up by 1,000 bpd to 10.4 million bpd. U.S. output has been closely watched by crude oil markets, which have contended with concerns about oversupply as oil production ramps up and trade tensions between the United States and China weigh on global demand forecasts. The gains reflected growing production on land in Texas, where output climbed 165,000 bpd, or 3.9 percent to 4.4 million bpd. Output also rose in the Gulf of Mexico, climbing 10.3 percent, or 154,000 bpd to 1.7 million bpd. U.S. natural gas production in the lower 48 states rose to an all-time high of 90.8 billion cubic feet per day (bcfd) in June, up from the prior record of 89.9 bcfd in May, according to EIA's 914 production report. Output in Texas, the nation's largest gas producer, increased 1.5 percent in June to 23.9 bcfd. In Pennsylvania, the second biggest gas producing state, production rose 2.2 percent to 16.5 bcfd in June. The United States has been the world's biggest producer of gas since 2009, ahead of Russia. (Reporting By Jessica Resnick-Ault Editing by Marguerita Choy and Richard Chang)	oil&energy
Review: Donnie Yen’s ‘Big Brother’ is one dimensional	Donnie Yen is worshipped as a kung-fu god among fans of Chinese action movies, largely because of his three “Ip Man” films where he plays the real-life master who once called Bruce Lee a student. Controlled, yet kinetic, fight choreography is Yen’s stock-in-trade, and when he takes on Mike Tyson in “Ip Man 3,” it’s a thing of pugilistic beauty. But, like Jackie Chan and Jet Li before him, it looks like Yen wants to break out of his Hong Kong cocoon. Wider audiences are starting to catch on to him — he was in “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” and “xXx: Return of Xander Cage” — and he’s currently filming the live-action “Mulan.” Now, he’s the producer and star of the Cantonese-language “Big Brother,” a project that’s less about action and more about bland comedy, family melodrama and English-language pop music (Lukas Graham’s hit “7 Years Old” is prominently featured). The story actually has possibilities. Yen is Henry Chen, a mysterious man who shows up at a troubled Hong Kong high school to apply for a teaching position, even though he has never taught before. The principal, whose school could be shut down because of the students’ woeful scholastic performance, gives him a chance. Chen is firm, fair and cool, plus the kids — most of whom come from struggling backgrounds — love him. He seems to know everything, from cars to music to philosophy. And, his fighting technique is unstoppable and he’s got mad tattoos! He’s Edward James Olmos from “Stand and Deliver” and Jack Black in “School of Rock” rolled into one, if either one of them could deliver a roundhouse kick. But that may not be enough to save the school, which is on land coveted by an evil developer who is so broadly drawn that he might as well have a mustache to twirl. This developer needs the students to continue to fail so the government will close the school and he can scoop up the land for cheap. Of course, Henry is not going to let that happen. And when it’s time for bones to start snapping, that’s when “Big Brother” comes alive. It would have been intriguing if director Ka-Wai Kam, working from a script by Tai-Lee Chan, could have explored the issues raised here — poverty in the shadow of Hong Kong’s gleaming skyscrapers, biased treatment of non-Chinese immigrants who hail from the rest of Asia or Africa, crowded conditions and land use, drug and alcohol abuse — with more depth. Instead, “Big Brother” remains steadfastly one-dimensional until Yen kicks it into high gear in action scenes that don’t come often enough.	entertainment
EU will respond in kind if U.S. imposes car tariffs: Juncker	The European Union will respond in kind if U.S. President Donald Trump reneges on his pledge not to impose auto tariffs, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said as trade tensions between Europe and the United States rose again. It remains unclear whether Britain and Northern Ireland would be subject to the legislation post-Brexit. This would likely mean Belfast and Dublin having the same time - and a different time to London when it falls back to daylight savings time in the winter. The proposal comes after a survey found 84 percent of 4.6 million citizens across the EU's 28 member states opposed changing the clocks ahead in the summer or back in the winter or just opposed switching either way. This recent consultation came in the form of a survey in which over 80% of respondents supported abolishing changing the clocks in summer and winter. Speaking to the German ZDF network this morning, Mr Juncker said: "The people want that. and we will make it happen". "I will recommend to the commission that, if you ask the citizens, then you have to do what the citizens say", said Juncker, the commission president. Trump And Cohen Planned To Buy Decades Worth Of National Enquirer Dirt The payments were directed by Trump and amounted to illegal campaign contributions, Cohen alleged. Representatives for Credit Suisse and American Media declined to comment. Maker of James Bond's favourite sports car eyes stock market The carmaker is hoping to double production to 14,000 vehicles a year as demand from super-rich auto enthusiasts increases. However, chief financial officer Mark Wilson says he's "comfortable" with the £5bn valuation being bandied around. Samsung Galaxy S8+ receives a price cut, now available for Rs. 39,990 Both the cameras come with f/2.2 aperture and are also equipped with a Beauty Mode for taking clearer selfies and group photos. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ each feature sixty four GB of built-in storage, with a microSD slot that helps as a lot as 400 GB. If Washington violated the deal and imposed auto tariffs, he said, "then we will also do that". Under current European Union legislation, citizens in all 28 European Union countries have been required to change their clocks an hour forward on the last Sunday in March and switch back to winter time on the final Sunday in October. Many in the auto industry likely expect that the Commerce Department will say that those foreign autos do put US security at risk. Research has shown that the time change disrupts sleep schedules and can impact productivity at work. Other supporters of the time-shift include road safety campaigners - who claim extra light in the mornings and additional evening light in summer could help prevent traffic accidents. "A handful of non-bloc countries in Europe already don't switch between summer and winter time, including Russia, Belarus and Iceland", as NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson reports from Berlin.	automotiveindustry
Why iss the telephoto lense sticking. It works well on occasions.	If it’s been dropped then the barrel could be distorted, giving the problem. Otherwise, your best hope is that it’s dirt, sand or some other contamination between the barrel sections. Rather than repeating them, see the hints we have at https://wiki.restarters.net/Compact_came... Otherwise it could be a problem with the zoom motor or gears, which is going to be more challenging. Follow this guide Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS25 Lens Replacement to remove the lens. Test the zoom function with a 3V battery as described in the finasl step of Disassembling Canon PowerShot SX200 IS On the back of the lens you’ll find 4 or 5 black screws around the periphery which you can remove to take the back off and examine the gears, should this be necessary, but refitting may take a little patience. 	null
Ethiopia: Helicopter Crash Leaves 18 Dead	18 people, (15 military & 3 civilians) were killed when a military helicopter crashed. The helicopter was flying from Dire Dawa to Bishoftu. It crashed near Lumee Ejereetti wereda in east shewa zone, Addisu Arega Kitessa (via @addisu_arega) said. Addisu didn't mention the cause of the accident. The helicopter belonged to the Ethiopian Air Force and the 15 military personnel were members of the Ethiopian National Defense Force (ENDF), according to Fana BC. According to a letter from Defense Ministry indoctrination & PR division bureau, the flight No. 808 helicopter was on duty during the accident and crashed 20 minutes away from its destination in Bishiftu. The Ethiopia Air Force said the accident was being investigated. AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.	airline
Time to Buy BancFirst Corporation (BANF) After The Completion of This Double Top?	Investors sentiment increased to 1.43 in Q1 2018. Its up 0.58, from 0.85 in 2017Q4. It is positive, as 3 investors sold BancFirst Corporation shares while 37 reduced holdings. 21 funds opened positions while 36 raised stakes. 10.44 million shares or 1.16% more from 10.32 million shares in 2017Q4 were reported. California State Teachers Retirement reported 25,592 shares. Granite Investment Prns Limited Company has 0.49% invested in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) for 138,772 shares. Ironwood Counsel Limited Liability Company, Arizona-based fund reported 4,806 shares. Convergence Inv Ptnrs Limited Liability Com holds 11,269 shares. 379,821 are owned by Jpmorgan Chase &. Aqr Management Ltd Llc has invested 0.01% in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF). Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) reported 587 shares. Texas-based Teacher Retirement Of Texas has invested 0% in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF). Citigroup Incorporated holds 0% in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) or 3,446 shares. Moreover, Credit Suisse Ag has 0% invested in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) for 20,152 shares. Federated Pa has invested 0% in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF). Bnp Paribas Arbitrage Sa accumulated 3,468 shares or 0% of the stock. 42,454 were accumulated by Ny State Common Retirement Fund. Price T Rowe Assocs Md holds 5,680 shares. Goldman Sachs Group holds 18,019 shares. Since March 7, 2018, it had 1 insider buy, and 13 selling transactions for $5.53 million activity. $2.11 million worth of BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) shares were sold by R BANKING LTD PTNRSHP. RAINBOLT H E had bought 1,000 shares worth $63,250. Gish Mark sold $95,790 worth of stock or 1,500 shares. Lawrence Kevin sold $320,000 worth of stock. Shares for $291,533 were sold by Anderson John on Tuesday, May 15. SEAT DAVID also sold $89,600 worth of BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) shares. The chart of BancFirst Corporation (BANF) shows a double top with $68.00 target or 7.00 % above today’s $63.55 share price. The 9 months chart pattern indicates low risk for the $2.08B company. It was reported on Aug, 31 by Finviz.com. If the $68.00 price target is reached, the company will be worth $145.60 million more. Double tops are rare but powerful chart patterns. The stock increased 0.08% or $0.05 during the last trading session, reaching $63.55. About 2,303 shares traded. BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) has risen 25.07% since August 31, 2017 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 12.50% the S&P500. Analysts await BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) to report earnings on October, 18. They expect $0.91 earnings per share, up 35.82 % or $0.24 from last year’s $0.67 per share. BANF’s profit will be $29.78 million for 17.46 P/E if the $0.91 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.91 actual earnings per share reported by BancFirst Corporation for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 0.00 % EPS growth. More news for BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) were recently published by: Seekingalpha.com, which released: “BancFirst declares $0.30 dividend” on August 24, 2018. Investorplace.com‘s article titled: “5 Top Stocks to Gain as Powell Backs Gradual Rate Hikes” and published on August 27, 2018 is yet another important article. BancFirst Corporation operates as the holding firm for BancFirst that provides a range of commercial banking services to retail customers, and small to medium-sized businesses. The company has market cap of $2.08 billion. It operates through Metropolitan Banks, Community Banks, and Other Financial Services divisions. It has a 20.73 P/E ratio. The firm offers a range of deposit services, including checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, sweep accounts, club accounts, individual retirement accounts, and certificates of deposit, as well as overdraft protection and auto draft services. Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter. 	finance
Prince Harry sings a few lines of 'Hamilton' with Meghan and Lin-Manuel Miranda	LONDON — Prince Harry sang and joked with Lin-Manuel Miranda on the stage of "Hamilton," after he and his wife Meghan joined audiences for a gala charity performance of the smash-hit musical in London's West End. The royal couple sat in the royal circle at Victoria Palace Theater during the performance, and afterward they joined Miranda, the show's creator, on stage to thank the cast and crew. Harry received enthusiastic cheers from the cast and audience as he sang the opening words to "You'll Be Back," a ballad about the "break-up" between Britain and America performed in the musical by the actor playing his sixth great-grandfather, King George III. Speaking about the character of the king, Miranda said he envisioned it during his honeymoon then quipped: "Smash cut to 2018 I'm sitting next to his sixth great-grandson." He added it was "fun and surreal" to have Harry there because "you don't often get a direct descendent" of the characters to watch the show. The royal couple, who had already seen the show, was hosting Wednesday's gala performance to raise money for Harry's charity Sentebale, which supports children affected by HIV in Lesotho and Botswana. King George III’s great-great-great-great-great-great grandson The Duke Of Sussex sang a few bars tonight #HamiltonLDN 👀 https://t.co/fnND9i2RlW	entertainment
Logged off: Some teens refuse to use social media	(GUARDIAN) — For 17-year-old Mary Amanuel, from London, it happened in Tesco. “We were in year 7,” she remembers, “and my friend had made an Instagram account. As we were buying stuff, she was counting the amounts of likes she’d got on a post. ‘Oooh, 40 likes. 42 likes.’ I just thought: ‘This is ridiculous.’” Isabelle, an 18-year-old student from Bedfordshire who doesn’t want to disclose her surname, turned against social media when her classmates became zombified. “Everyone switched off from conversation. It became: ‘Can I have your number to text you?’ Something got lost in terms of speaking face to face. And I thought: ‘I don’t really want to be swept up in that.’” For 15-year-old Emily Sharp, from Staines in Surrey, watching bullying online was the final straw. “It wasn’t nice. That deterred me from using it.”	evergreen
Tales of Berseria Review	Kinglink writes "So I published a review of Tales of Zesteria on May 5th, 2018 and I was a bit savage. It was a good game and I recommended it, but it had so many flaws that I pointed most of them out. Tales of Berseria is a follow up to it and was published the following year, only about 18 months after Zesteria, and for such a large game that should be a big warning sign. Yet, that’s what Bandai Namco did, so it’ up to me to find out if it paid off?" 	videogame
19 of the best job perks and benefits millennials have that their parents didn't	Companies are offering unique workplace perks and benefits that weren't available 30 years ago, perhaps to lure or cater to millennials. Some of the latest perks include paid time off for new pet owners and companies covering the costs of egg freezing for women. Student loan repayment programs are also popular among young workers, with one survey reporting 45% of employees considering it the most desirable benefit. Unemployment rates are near an 18-year low in August, indicating a promising time in the job market. With increasing job selection, millennials on the hunt for a career have an opportunity to survey a company's benefits when deciding between jobs, instead of accepting the first offer. There are several workplace benefits that can set a company apart from its competitors that weren't available 30 years ago. Companies like Twitter, IBM, Zillow, and most recently Goldman Sachs are providing reimbursements for new mothers to pump and ship their breast milk anywhere in the world while at work. Companies including Mars Petcare, Mparticle, BitSol Solutions, BrewDog, and Nina Hale, introduced pet leave to employees so new pet parents can work from home. Some companies also allow bereavement time after losing a pet. Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants allow three days off, Mars Inc. gives one day and flexible hours, and VMware and Maxwell Health offer flexible days. At some companies, the 40-hour work week is a relic of the past. Perpetual Guardian, A New Zealand company, experimented with a four-day work week and reported employees were more creative, more punctual, and more energetic. Treehouse, a technology education company, implemented a 32-hour work week in 2006 and says employees became happier and more productive, according to The Atlantic. Companies including Google, NASA, Samsung, Facebook, NASA, and Huffington Post have nap pods at work for sleeping breaks, according to Forbes. "It's clear there's a difference between generations," Christopher Lindholst, CEO & Co-Founder of MetroNaps, told Forbes. "Millennials have a more flexible attitude to execution of responsibilities and are more open to 'sleeping on the job' facilities that boost performance than their predecessors. Companies like PWC, First Republic Bank, Penguin Random House, IBM, Peloton, and Honeywell are matching employee contributions to student loans to help pay off employee college debt. A 2017 study by Oliver Wyman surveyed over 3,000 households with a bachelor's degree or more and found 45% of employees say student loan repayment is the most desirable benefit offered by a company, placing it above retirement contributions and health insurance. Tech giants Facebook, Google, Apple, and Spotify cover the cost for employees who choose to freeze their reproductive eggs. Facebook first started to cover the cost in 2014 after a female employee with cancer told COO Sheryl Sandberg she couldn't afford to freeze her eggs. New fathers are finally receiving equal recognition for parental leave. Several companies have jumped on the paternal leave bandwagon in recent years, including DocuSign, now offering six months of paid leave for all caregivers. Other notable companies are Twitter, Etsy, Adobe, Netflix, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which offer between 20 weeks to a full year of paid parental leave. Estée Lauder announced an expansion of its benefit package in May to include 20 weeks of paid parental leave regardless of sex, gender, or sexual orientation. The program also announced that parents who are trying to adopt will receive $10,000 towards the process. The company also offers $20,000 for fertility treatments, in-home child care, and elder care. Companies including Goldman Sachs and Starbucks offer to cover employee gender reassignment surgery, a procedure that can cost more than $100,000. "The approach was driven not just by the company's desire to provide truly inclusive coverage, and by powerful conversations with transgender partners about how those benefits would allow them to truly be who they are," Starbucks vice president of benefits Ron Crawford said. 	evergreen
Protect Transgender People From Workplace Discrimination	Goal: Urge the Supreme Court to include transgender people in workplace discrimination laws. Aimee Stephens came out as transgender to her company in a letter, and was then allegedly dismissed from R&G and G&R Harris Funeral Homes in the Detroit area. Stephens had almost six years of positive performance reviews. However, her boss reportedly told her it was “not going to work out.” Stephens sued the funeral home for discrimination, but because transgender people are not protected under workplace discrimination law, lawyers could only use the funeral home’s discrimination against Stephens for refusal to conform to its “preferences, expectations, or stereotypes” for women. If the Supreme Court takes on the case, it can protect transgender individuals from getting fired for not abiding by sex-based stereotypes. Sign this petition and demand that the Supreme Court take on this case. Aimee Stephens is a transgender woman who was fired from her job in the summer of 2013 for coming out as transgender. Despite her stellar performance record, her employer told her it was “not going to work out.” Her boss, a devout Christian, discriminated against Stephens. When Stephens sued the company, there was no law protecting transgender individuals from being fired. However, she did win her case based on discrimination for not conforming to “preferences, expectations, or stereotypes” for women. There need to be laws put in place that strictly protect transgender individuals in the workplace. We demand that the Supreme Court review this case and change discrimination laws in the workplace to protect transgender individuals.	non-profit&civilorganization
Dragalia Lost, Nintendo’s Upcoming RPG for Mobiles, Gets Detailed in Short Direct Video	Nintendo and Cygames will be releasing Dragalia Lost, a brand new RPG for mobile platforms, is releasing next month on September 27, and in a short Nintendo Direct presentation last night, Nintendo unveiled what we can expect from the game. Incidentally, Nintendo will also not be launching this worldwide simultaneously; the game will get a launch in Japan, Asian territories, and North America, but Europe and the rest of the world will be left out for now. You can check out the Direct for yourself below.	videogame
The Italian island that only welcomes visitors twice a year opens today	If you think you know where the most exclusive place in Italy is, you might want to think again. Because it’s not a restaurant or a bar or a club, but rather an island. It’s so protected that it only accepts visitors twice a year, and one of those “opening” periods is coming up. Several animals live in the wild on Montecristo. Photo by DEA/S. VANNINI/Getty Images Between 1 August and 15 August and then between 31 August and 31 October Montecristo opens to visitors, although you need to have special permission to go. If you ask for access, you’ll be able to stay only in the main port, Cala Maestra, and visit the museum and Villa Reale there. If you ask for a tour, then you’ll be accompanied by members of the forestry unit onto one of the three hiking trails throughout the island. Only 1000 people per year are granted access, and preference goes to scientific teams or school trips. The bay of Cala Maestra is the main access to the island. Photo by DEA/G. ROLI/Getty Images If you want to visit this fascinating island, then, you might need to be prepared to wait — after you’ve filed your request with the Carabinieri, it takes up to generally three months to receive an “access,” and up to three years for a “tour”. The current president of the Archipelago National Park has plans to raise the numbers of visitors to 1500, though, and distribute them throughout twenty visits per year, each with 75 people. In the meantime, you can start filling out your application and maybe re-read The Count of Monte Cristo to get into the right spirit.	airline
I demand to know which Mods are deleting my posts.	A reply of yours, quoted below, was deleted by a Bitcoin Forum moderator. Posts are most frequently deleted because they are off-topic, though they can also be deleted for other reasons. In the future, please avoid posting things that need to be deleted. Quote Bitcoin Cash Drama: Battle Lines Drawn Ahead of Scheduled Hard Fork - https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-cash-drama-battle-lines-drawn-ahead-of-scheduled-hard-fork Announcing Cobra Client: a safe implementation of the Bitcoin Cash protocol and November hard fork - https://medium.com/@CobraBitcoin/announcing-cobra-client-a-safe-implementation-of-the-bitcoin-cash-protocol-and-november-hard-fork-334bc86ce32f	null
Philippines Informs China of Grounded Frigate Amid Sea Feud 	Two officials say the Philippines has notified China about a Philippine navy frigate that ran aground in the South China Sea to avoid any misunderstanding because the incident happened near a hotly disputed region. The Philippine military said the BRP Gregorio del Pilar ran aground during a routine patrol Wednesday night in the vicinity of Half Moon Shoal, which is called Hasa Hasa in the Philippines, adding that its crew was unhurt. The barren shoal is on the eastern edge of the disputed Spratly archipelago. The Philippine officials said Friday China was informed of the accident through its military attache in Manila. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the issue publicly. Two Philippine tugboats are en route to extricate the frigate.	maritime
7 reasons why your UAE visa application may be rejected 	Millions come to UAE from around the world every year. Be it as a tourist or to settle in the country as an expat, the number of visa applications received by UAE authorities every year is phenomenal. Applying for a visit or work visa is a hassle-free process that requires you to fill an application form and provide the necessary documents - scanned copies of your passport, invitation letter from a host in UAE, return tickets (for tourist visa), among others. Please check with your travel agency or company PRO for more details. While it is a seamless process, there are times when the visa may be rejected. Below are the most common reasons: 1. If you held a residence visa previously and left the country without cancelling the UAE visa. To get an approval, the PRO will have to go to the immigration department and clear your previous residency visa. 2. Hand written passports will automatically get rejected by the UAE Immigration. 3. Visa applicants with previous criminal offence, fraud or misconduct committed in the UAE. 4. Previously applied for tourist visa but did not enter the country. In order to get an approval, PRO of the travel agency or sponsor must go to the immigration to clear the previous UAE visa. 5. Applicants who applied for employment visa via a company (prospective employer) but did not enter the country. To get an approval, the PRO of a travel agency or sponsor must go to the UAE immigration and clear the previous employment visa. 6. Visa application with typo errors of name, passport number, and profession code will see a delay in getting approval, or result in rejection of the passport. 7. When photo of the passport copies are not clear or blurred when applied in the online UAE immigration system, the approval might get delayed or rejected. NOTE: Visa rules are subject to changes. Follow UAE embassy in your country or the relevant authority in the UAE. Next Story Wanted man found in freezer 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Subscribe to Office 365 now and save two months Microsoft Office 365: Buy yearly, get 12 months for the price of 10 Microsoft Get Windows 10 Home at $169 only! Microsoft More from Khaleej Times Clock ticks for Europe to change daylight time UAE jobseeker visa violators to face strict action Treat us right or we quit WTO, says Trump as he throws another tantrum Visit site 	evergreen
Great Northern Theatre Company To Hold Auditions For Fall Production 	Auditions are open for a production in Cold Spring for anyone wanting to give theater a chance. The Great Northern Theatre Company says their seasonal production for the fall will be Lend Me a Tenor. The shows will be held in November at the Great Blue Heron Restaurant in Cold Spring. Lend Me a Tenor is a comedy written by Ken Ludwig. It tells the story of a theater assistant thrown into a production of Othello after the lead actor is accidently presumed dead. Auditions will be held at the GNTC "Off Broadway" facility on Monday, September 10 and Tuesday, September 11 from 6:30-8:30 p.m. Audition information can be found on the Great Northern Theatre Company website.	entertainment
15 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This September	Fall TV is upon us, and there is so much coming your way this month! Check out 13 shows you should catch up on over the long Labor Day weekend and beyond. What it is: The Kurt Sutter series helped secure the bad-boy stance FX is still working today. The crime drama, about an outlaw motorcycle club in California’s Central Valley, starred Charlie Hunnam as Jax Teller, a club member who begins to question the violence and crime of his chosen lifestyle. The series also starred Katey Sagal, Maggie Siff, Ron Perlman, and later Jimmy Smits. What it is: The premise here is simple, but it works: Five friends (whose ineptitude goes beyond just social cues to pretty much every facet of day-to-day life) run an Irish bar in the titular city and have one misadventure after the next along the way. Why you should watch it: You don’t become one of the longest-running live-action comedies of all time by sitting on your laurels and getting lazy about the laughs. It’s Always Sunny lays them on thick and fearlessly week to week for 12-going-on-13 seasons strong. That’s a lot to binge — so get to it! Season 13 premieres September 5. What it is: Set in New York City, Iron Fist is the story of Danny Rand, a presumed-dead heir to a billion-dollar fortune who returns to New York City 15 years after a fatal plane crash kills his parents (and many believed him). He brings with him a skill set that includes unexplained kung-fu superpowers. Why you should watch it: By transporting us to a gritty world of sex, drugs, and an American Dream that’s foreign to most audiences today, The Deuce further proves Simon’s talent for creating series that are absolutely singular and authentic. Plus with talent  like Gyllenhaal and Franco attached, it certainly ranks within prestige TV’s must-watch club. Season 2 premieres September 9. Why you should watch it: It’s tricky to strike the balance between broad comedy and aching drama, but it’s a skill that Shameless has perfected since its 2011 debut. Credit where it’s due: Rossum is an absolutely fearless knockout who bests herself season to season. (Soak up this performance while you can — Rossum recently indicated on Facebook that this season might be her last.) It’s an excellent ensemble, and you can’t help but love the Gallagher family (even when they don’t make it easy), but watching the actress and Oscar-nominee Macy go toe-to-toe as the central headstrong daughter and father just gets better with age. Season 9 premieres Sept. 9. What it is: BoJack Horseman (voiced by Will Arnett) was once the hottest horse in town, star of a hit sitcom and riding high in Tinseltown. Fast-forward 20 years, though, and he’s a depressive has-been — and our titular protagonist of this hit Netflix comedy. Why you should watch it: It’s not often that an alcoholic horse and a fictionalized Hollywood full of as many flawed humans as talking animals teaches you about yourself, but this one does — trust us! While it’s an acquired taste for any viewer, there’s reason BoJack’s blend of pitch-black humor and weighty human circumstance has gained such a cult following over the last four seasons. Catch up before season 5 premieres September 15. What it is: 9-1-1 was a hit from the start. By humanizing members of New York City’s police and fire department as they go above the call of duty in larger-than-life circumstances — all while grappling with their own personal dramas on the home front — the series has earned its spot as one of last year’s strongest newcomers. What it is: Stephen Moyer and Amy Acker star in this Marvel series as seemingly normal husband and wife Reed and Kate Strucker who, upon discovering their children’s mutant abilities, take them on the run from those who fear mutants. Why you should watch it: There’s something inherently appealing about a marriage of the fish-out-of-water and opposites-attract formulas, and the effort holds up for this latest small-screen reboot. With Scott added to the mix, we’re in for even more fun this season. Catch up before season 3 premieres September 25. Why you should watch it: The Good Place is certainly among the best network comedies of recent memory. An always-charming Bell and TV royalty Danson play off of each other in a way that — what the fork!? — simply works. We can’t wait to see the good places they take us come season 3’s September 27 premiere.	entertainment
Peyton Manning re-tells story behind hitting kids in the face in 'SNL' spoof	Over 11 years ago, legendary QB Peyton Manning hosted Saturday Night Live and was a part of this classic United Way commercial spoof in which he repeatedly nailed kids with a football: How did Manning find it in his heart to throw something at child actors? It’s a story he’s told pieces of before, but on Wednesday, we got to hear the whole thing: Peyton Manning re-told the story of the United Way SNL skit at the Colts' Kickoff Luncheon today. (via @colts) pic.twitter.com/vZb2zWoYYA “We did this one skit that people ask me a lot about. We did this spoof for the United Way, and we were throwing footballs at these kids, which doesn’t sound very good. Those footballs were Nerf footballs, a Nerf cutout, and were light as a feather, and they put in these sound effects where it looks like you’re knocking these kids out. I remember the director said, ‘Peyton, you’re a charitable guy, this is why it’s going to be funny. And it’s only going to work if you’re all in, and you whack these kids right in the head.’ And I kept saying my mother is going to be so disappointed. “These kids were all child actors, and their parents were out there watching the whole time, and it was all very awkward and uncomfortable.  So I finally told the director, ‘I can’t do it, I can’t do it. I’ll go up to the edge, but this feels over the edge. I’m not comfortable.’ And he said no problem we don’t have to do it, we don’t wanna make you do something out of your comfort zone. And right then, I cannot make this up, one of the parents of the child actors runs out onto the set and tells the director, ‘I want him to hit my kid in the face!’ I said I will do it. I will knock your kid out.”	non-profit&civilorganization
Astronauts on International Space Station fix leak ahead of Labor Day weekend	International Space Station crewmembers are planning for a quiet Labor Day weekend after a Russian cosmonaut on Friday finished repairing a small air leak that originated from a hole on their side of the orbiting laboratory. The air leak was discovered Wednesday night while the six astronauts on board slept, but flight controllers decided it was small enough that they did not need to be awakened. After tracing the leak to the Russian side of the complex, cosmonauts plugged the hole with an epoxy-based sealant by noon Thursday. The patch job was finished Friday, and crewmembers got back to their regular work aboard the station. “Yesterday showed again how valuable our emergency training is,” Alexander Gerst, the European Space Agency astronaut on board, wrote on Twitter early Friday morning. “We could locate and stop a small leak in our Soyuz, thanks to great cooperation between the crew and control centres on several continents.” Russian design engineers believe the hole — measuring a fifth of a centimeter in diameter (about the thickness of a penny) found in the upper section of the Soyuz spacecraft attached to the station — was caused by a small rock particle, or “micrometeorite,” hitting the station. The Russians’ Soyuz has been the only way to get to station since 2011, when the space shuttle program was shuttered. Luckily, the upper section of the Soyuz does not return to Earth. Impacts from micrometeorites, commonly known as space junk, happen all the time, but the space station’s numerous shielding elements generally prevent serious damage from occurring. As of Friday, Russians still had not officially confirmed the cause. The patchwork is holding, but Kelly Humphries, spokesman for NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, said the Russian space agency is currently conducting a “standard state commission to review the big picture situation.” No new leaks had been discovered Friday, he added, and “mission controls in Houston and Moscow are monitoring pressures.” If left unchecked, the air leak could have resulted in total air loss for the station in 18 days. But Sergei Krikalyov, Roscosmos executive director for manned programs, told state-run news agency TASS on Friday that the epoxy-based sealant Russian cosmonauts used “was made thicker for more reliability in order to make sure that nothing would swell up there. This is a sort of a sealant with a safety margin.” While Russian cosmonaut Sergey Prokopyev finished patching the hole Friday, the rest of the crew returned to business as usual: preparing for space walks and doing experiments. The space station, which rotating crewmembers have called home since 2000, has experienced problems in the past. In 2004, an air pressure drop was caused by a leaking flex hose in the U.S. laboratory, CNN reported at the time. And another air leak occurred on the U.S. side in 2007, Scientific American reported. Over the years, the space station also has been plagued by numerous ammonia leaks and computer problems. CUTTING TIES: 2024 space station funding cut off may not be possible, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine says Federal officials are currently discussing ending support for the space station in the near future, eliminating funding by the end of 2024 and handing its operations over to commercial companies by 2025. That plan — which NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine admitted last month might not be feasible — must be approved by Congress. NASA officials said Friday that flight controllers will continue to monitor the station’s air pressure, but that the crew is planning “a quiet weekend before embarking on a busy schedule of research and routine maintenance work next week.” 	null
Hungry Dragon flies onto iOS and Android	Ubisoft have just released Hungry Dragon on mobile, and it offers – as you might have guessed from the title – the chance for you to control a havoc-wreaking flying serpent. The idea behind Hungry Dragon is not a complex one. You play as a dragon and effectively have to go on a rampage in a medieval environment. This means you crushing knights, eating sheep, and burning wooden huts to the ground. There are a range of dragons to play as, and you can upgrade them in both useful and cosmetic ways. 	videogame
Tony-nominated actor Adam Pascal to lead master class at the Box Theatre in Oconomowoc	Tony-nominated actor Adam Pascal to lead master class at the Box Theatre in Oconomowoc Tony-nominated Broadway star Adam Pascal is coming to The Box Theatre on Friday, Sept. 28. Check out this story on jsonline.com: https://jsonl.in/2oeXUip 	arts
Eight Hurt in Chicago Water Plant Blast 	Aug. 30 -- At least eight people were injured when an explosion caused the roof to collapse at the Calumet Water Reclamation Plant on the Far South Side Wednesday morning, according to Chicago police. At least two of the injured were reported trapped after the explosion around 11 a.m. at the plant at 400 E. 130th Street near the Little Calumet River, police said. As of noon, firefighters could be seen still searching through the rubble. All of the injured were listed in serious-to-critical condition, according to Chicago Fire Department spokesman Larry Merritt. Two were taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, three to the University of Chicago Medical Center, one to Stroger Hospital and two to Northwestern Memorial Hospital. A section of roof of a one-story brick building collapsed from the explosion, Merritt said. “There’s rubble and bricks, but the building is still standing. Certain sections are collapsed.” The fire department asked television stations to keep their helicopters away from the scene because their noise was making it hard for firefighters to hear anyone still trapped. Gina Ruiz was frantic after she received a call from her husband Bill, a pipefitter who had been working inside a sludge concentration building under contract with the MWRD. In a garbled message, her husband said there had been an explosion there and that numerous co-workers, including his partner, were trapped inside. She left her job in south suburban Matteson and cried as her mother drove her to the scene across from the Altgeld Gardens housing complex. Soon after arriving, Ruiz learned her husband had been battered by falling pieces of the roof but was OK. "He just said there were a lot of guys trapped inside," she told reporters outside the building as she waited for his ambulance to take him to Northwestern. Ruiz told his wife the explosion sounded as if it came from below ground, leading workers to speculate that it occurred in the sewer pipes underneath the building. "He said (the explosion) blew the roof off and (it) came back down," she said. Ruiz initially ran with the explosion, but tried to get back when he realized his partner was partially lodged under fallen concrete. The partner was saved, but Gina Ruiz said her husband said others remained trapped inside. Lamar Herron said he was visiting a friend at the Altgeld Gardens housing project when he heard a massive boom. As he and the friend started toward the source of the noise, Herron said. "You could see the big black smoke that was over there," he said, pointing toward the section of the plant where the explosion was believed to have occurred. Herron said he and the friend got in a car and followed first responders to the scene and watched as the relatives of some workers tried to get inside. The Metropolitan Water Reclamation District, which runs the plant, released a statement saying “there has been an explosion in the sludge concentration building at the Calumet Water Reclamation Plant. There are injuries. Emergency crews are on the scene. We have no additional informational at this time." An emergency medical services Plan 1 was called, sending at least five ambulances to the scene. A 2-11 fire alarm was also called, sending extra equipment. ___ (c)2018 the Chicago Tribune Visit the Chicago Tribune at www.chicagotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.	null
Trump Falsely Accuses NBC's Lester Holt Of Getting 'Caught Fudging' Russia Interview	President Donald Trump has accused NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt of "fudging" an interview that NBC aired more than a year ago. "When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia," Trump said in a tweet early Thursday morning, providing no evidence to support his claim, "(NBC News was) hurt badly!" Trump seems to be referring to a May 2017 interview, aired just two days after the president fired FBI director James Comey. In the interview, Trump called Comey "a showboat," and appeared to reject an official White House explanation for the firing, telling Holt "the Russia thing" was on his mind when he decided to fire Comey. "I just said to myself, I said, 'you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won.'" The interview was sensational enough at the time to be mocked by NBC's Saturday Night Live, in which Holt, played by Michael Che, thinks he has finally caught the president, only to discover that nothing Trump says matters. "Wait, did I get him? Is this all over? No, I didn't? Nothing matters? Absolutely nothing matters anymore." The real interview aired on Nightly News, and NBC News published an extended version online. Trump offered no explanation of how NBC might have "fudged" the interview, in which the most explosive words came from the president's own mouth. From the time the interview aired until today, no one has accused Holt of altering the interview--and he was never "caught" or "hurt badly" as a result. Trump's attack on NBC came amid a Twitter rant about the media, including personal attacks on the bosses at NBC News and CNN. Trump, who has repeatedly--and falsely--claimed that CNN chief Jeff Zucker was about to be fired, on Tuesday urged AT&T to dismiss Zucker, who recently extended his contract with the network. Trump said, "Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, and AT&T should fire him to save credibility!" Trump is also wrong about CNN's ratings. Details released this week by Nielsen show the network had near record ratings in August and posted its second-best ratings in total day in the history of cable news' original network. Daytime ratings were the third highest for CNN in 23 years, and all of CNN's prime-time shows posted near-record high ratings, with Cuomo Prime Time, which just launched in June, delivering the network's third highest August rating on record in the 9 p.m. hour. And yet, Trump said, "the hatred and extreme bias of me by CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function." The president said the problem extended to other networks, with "NBC News being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence and much worse." Again, Trump neither explained his wild allegations nor defended his false claims, insisting only that "I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn't matter to them, they only have their hatred and agenda." Mark Joyella is a writer who has worked in cable news and as a television news anchor and reporter in New York City, Miami and Orlando; you can follow him on Twitter and Facebook	government
Insider Selling: Skyline Co. (SKY) EVP Sells 31,725 Shares of Stock	Skyline Co. (NYSEAMERICAN:SKY) EVP Mark J. Yost sold 31,725 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, August 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total value of $697,950.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Shares of SKY stock traded down $0.11 during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $28.91. The stock had a trading volume of 179,300 shares, compared to its average volume of 164,738. Skyline Co. has a 12-month low of $10.31 and a 12-month high of $35.65. Get Skyline alerts: Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the business. Bank of New York Mellon Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Skyline in the 2nd quarter worth $670,000. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio purchased a new stake in shares of Skyline in the 2nd quarter worth $3,034,000. Highland Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of Skyline in the 2nd quarter worth $21,277,000. Mak Capital One LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Skyline in the 2nd quarter worth $478,443,000. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Skyline in the 2nd quarter worth $352,000. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Craig Hallum began coverage on Skyline in a report on Thursday, May 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $37.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on Skyline in a report on Tuesday. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $33.00 target price for the company. Skyline Company Profile Skyline Corporation designs, produces, and markets manufactured housing, modular housing, and park models to independent dealers and manufactured housing communities in the United States and Canada. The company's manufactured housing models include two to four bedrooms, kitchen, dining area, living room, one or two bathrooms, kitchen appliances, and central heating and cooling products, as well as exterior dormers and windows, interior or exterior accent columns, fireplaces, and whirlpool tubs. Featured Story: Short Selling – Explanation For Shorting Stocks Receive News & Ratings for Skyline Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Skyline and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 	finance
Connections made, why I love The News	I love a great mystery and I love history. When the two are rolled into one that also involves a newspaper at the center of the story, I feel like I just won the lottery. This week, readers were treated to two special stories on consecutive days as Alpena resident Brad Wheelock reached out to The Alpena News to try and help reconnect a box of family history materials with their rightful owners. The box was discovered by his nieces while clearing out the home of their parents. Wheelock knew his brother-in-law regularly attended auctions in Alpena, and theorized the box was obtained from one of those events. The problem was, he didn’t know enough information from the materials, other than they belonged to Wesley and Dorothy King. From that point, he didn’t know how to track down their descendents. He contacted the Northeast Michigan Genealogical Society for suggestions, and President RoseMarie Guthrie suggested a story in the newspaper. I love that confidence that Guthrie had in us, and I couldn’t agree more that it made perfect sense. And this is where the story gets even sweeter, from my perspective. The article appeared Wednesday morning and, by 9 a.m., the box had been reunited with its rightful owners. Judith Motley, a niece of of the Kings, called Wheelock shortly after 8 a.m. to share with him that she was a relative. Before Motley had even gotten to start reading her own Alpena News, she had received a call from family members living out of the area who had already read parts of The Alpena News online. They only got as far as the Lifestyles page that morning when they were shocked to read Wheelock’s story and to see the names of their aunt and uncle. They quickly called Motley, another niece, to share their excitement. It was the perfect ending to a story that just kept getting more and more interesting by the minute. There are several things from this experience that make me smile. First was Guthrie’s confidence in us that a story would reunite the items with their rightful owners.Guthrie understood the influence of the newspaper in a community like ours, and the number of people it would reach. Her logic was “spot-on.” Second, regarding that reach, isn’t it amazing that, before 8 a.m. two of Motley’s other relatives had read the story online — one from Bay City and the other from Oscoda. I know the newspaper is well-read everyday on the internet, but it was fun to hear how the internet, and The Alpena News, played such a key role in this reunion. Whether The Alpena News is read in print, like Motley does each morning, or on a computer, smartphone or tablet, it still is an important part of people’s live each day. Third, this story reminded me that the most important journalism we do each day are the stories about the community. We may never win a Pulitzer, but, for me, so long as we accurately chronicle the events around us each day, I will be a happy camper. Community journalism is the most important reporting taking place in the United States today. Finally, it is the little things that matter. This story could easily have been dismissed or put aside by a reporter. On the surface, it didn’t seem too deep. In this instance, my wife, Diane, pursued it because she understood the value it could be to a family member and the fact it was important enough to Wheelock to have had him spend the time he had already spent on trying to track down its owners. It is the little things that often mean the most. By putting on a Nancy Drew twist to the story, Diane was able to share with readers on two straight days an incredible journey for everyone involved. And unlike a fairy tale with a happy ending, this conclusion involved real people. Real people. Real news. That’s your Alpena News, Monday through Saturday. Bill Speer can be reached at bspeer@thealpenanews.com or 989-354-3111, ext. 331. Follow Bill on Twitter @billspeer13. 	null
LA is getting Obama Boulevard—but what happened to Obama Highway?	Rodeo Road will be renamed after President Barack Obama, city leaders decided this week. But it’s not the first roadway in LA that lawmakers agreed to name after the 44th president. In 2017, the state legislature approved a resolution to designate the stretch of the 134 freeway that runs between Pasadena and Eagle Rock as the President Barack H. Obama Highway. A year later, however, there’s little evidence of that decision. There are no signs pointing drivers to the Obama Highway, and Google Maps still labels the segment of the 134 between the 210 and 2 freeways as the Ventura freeway. That’s because State Sen. Anthony Portantino is still raising money to pay for the new signs, says press secretary Yvonne Vasquez . Portantino proposed renaming the freeway after Obama in 2016, pointing out that the president used the route in the early 1980s, when traveling to classes as a student at Occidental College. Part of Portantino’s resolution calling for the name change indicates that the new signs will be paid for through “nonstate” donations. Vasquez says plenty of offers have come in from “all over the country,” but that Portantino is looking for more local funding sources. Caltrans spokesperson Tim Weisberg told the Eastsider in March that the signs would cost around $5,000 to make and install. Portantino is planning a fundraiser next month, says Vasquez. LA residents will also have to wait a while to travel down Obama Boulevard. The name change was proposed by Councilmember Herb Wesson in honor of Obama’s first campaign rally in Los Angeles, held at Rodeo Road’s Rancho Cienega Recreation Center. But street signs won’t be unveiled until Presidents Day 2019, Wesson spokesperson Vanessa Rodriguez tells the Los Angeles Times. Obama Freeway coming to Northeast LA [Curbed LA] How Los Angeles got in the habit of putting ‘the’ in front of every freeway name [Curbed LA] 	non-profit&civilorganization
BRICKLAYERS & ALLIED CRAFTWORKERS LOCAL NO. 3, NEW YORK, AFL-CIO v. PRECISION CONCRETE AND MASONRY, INC. 	Cause: 29 U.S.C. § 1145 E.R.I.S.A. Nature of Suit: 791 Labor: E.R.I.S.A. Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter), Anthony DiPerna as President of and on Behalf of, Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter) Pension Fund, Aaron Hilger, James Logan, Brian Donnelly, Anthony DiPerna, Tim Palermo, and Scott Stringer as Trustees of and on Behalf of the, Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter) Welfare Fund, Aaron Hilger, James Logan, Brian Donnelly, Anthony DiPerna, Tim Palermo, and Scott Stringer as Trustees of and on Behalf of the, Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter) Annuity Fund, Aaron Hilger, James Logan, Brian Donnelly, Anthony DiPerna, Tim Palermo, and Scott Stringer as Trustees of and on Behalf of the & Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter) Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee, Aaron Hilger, James Logan, Brian Donnelly, Anthony DiPerna, Tim Palermo, and Scott Stringer as Trustees of and on Behalf of the, Plaintiffs, represented by Joseph A. Gawlowicz , Trevett, Cristo, Salzer & Andolina P.C. & Michael T. Harren , Trevett, Cristo, Salzer & Andolina P.C.. Plaintiff trustees of various union pension, welfare, annuity, and training funds ("Plaintiffs") bring this Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") action against their employer, Precision Concrete and Masonry, Inc. ("Defendant"), and Precision's Principle Officer, Darren Thomas, with respect to delinquent contributions due to said funds under a collective bargaining agreement ("CBA"). Plaintiffs also assert a breach of contract claim, a claim under New York State Finance Law § 137, and a request for an injunction. See ECF No. 1. On February 25, 2016, the Clerk of Court entered default against Defendants after they failed to respond to Plaintiffs' Complaint. See ECF No. 5. After Plaintiffs failed to take further action, the Court ordered Plaintiffs on December 22, 2016 to show cause as to why their case should not be dismissed for failure to prosecute. ECF No. 7. Plaintiffs responded on January 5, 2017 by requesting the Clerk of Court to enter default judgment for a sum certain under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 55(b)(1). ECF No. 8. For the reasons stated below, Plaintiffs' request is DENIED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. According to the Complaint, Plaintiff Anthony DiPerna is the President of the union Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers Local No. 3 New York, AFL-CIO (Rochester Chapter). The union maintained a Pension Fund, a Welfare Fund, an Annuity Fund, and a Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee, all of which were multiemployer employee benefit plans under ERISA. On November 28, 2011, Defendants signed a CBA with the union that bound them to the terms and obligations of a multiemployer CBA with the union and signatory employer associations. The CBA required Defendants to submit monthly reports of union members' hours worked, known as remittance reports, to the funds and to make payments for fringe benefits to the Plaintiffs for each hour of covered work performed. Starting in October 2015, Defendants served as a contractor on a public improvement project in Rochester, New York known as the "Robert Duffy School," where they employed union members under a project labor agreement. For the duration of the project, Defendants violated the CBA by failing to make fringe benefit contributions to the funds for each hour each union member employee worked for the Defendants, neglecting to submit remittance reports, refusing to pay late fees on the delinquent contributions, and failing to pay employees' union dues to the union. Defendants also breached the CBA by failing to make fringe benefit and other contributions to the funds for each hour each union member employee worked for the Defendants. Additionally, they failed to pay interest fees on late contributions to the funds, also in violation of the CBA. Because Defendants failed to provide remittance reports, Plaintiffs admit that they do not know how many hours its members worked for Defendants, and that Defendants owe an "unknown amount, to be determined through litigation." ECF No. 1 at 9. Based on the current record, the damages Plaintiffs seek to recover are not for a sum certain and are thus ill-suited for resolution via Rule 55(b)(1). Plaintiffs' Affirmation in Support of Request for Default Judgment and Statement of Amount Due seeks $10,029.30 in total damages, which includes $4,577.23 in unpaid trust fund contributions, $377.62 from 11 months of accrued 9 percent statutory interest pursuant to the CBA and trust documents, 20 percent liquidated damages totaling $915.14 pursuant to the CBA and trust documents, and $4,159 in attorney's fees. ECF No. 8-1 at 2. Plaintiffs demonstrate to the Court how they arrived at the aggregate total of damages they seek, but they leave the Court almost entirely in the dark as to how they calculated any of the four component damages. The request for $4,577.23 in unpaid trust fund contributions is the most problematic aspect of Plaintiffs' Affirmation. The Complaint explicitly conceded that because Defendants failed to provide remittance reports, Plaintiffs do "not presently know how many hours were worked by its members for Defendants" and needed 2 to "determine[] through litigation" Defendants' liability for late contributions. ECF No. 1 at 9. In other words, the amount of unpaid trust fund contributions was anything but a "sum certain." Now, presumably through estimation, Plaintiffs reached the precise figure of $4,577.23, but have not given the Court any documentation or other insight establishing how they calculated that amount. Plaintiffs' requests for interest on delinquent trust fund contributions and liquidated damages are similarly problematic. While Plaintiffs affirm that interest rates and liquidated damages are specified in the CBA and trust documents, Plaintiffs have only shared the signatory page of the CBA with the Court, ECF No. 1 at 19, which does not substantiate any of Plaintiffs' late fees or liquidated damages calculations. They also did not provide the Court with any of the trust documents that they repeatedly reference. Additionally, the late fee and liquidated damages calculations are flawed because they rely on the unsubstantiated request for $4,577.23. See Int'l Bhd. of Elec. Workers Local No. 43 Pension, Annuity, & Health & Welfare Funds v. Meacham Elec. Contractors, Inc., No. 5:05-CV-754 (NAM/GHL), 2006 WL 3096486 at *2 (N.D.N.Y. Oct. 27, 2006) ("Even assuming that interest and liquidated damages may be ascertained through mathematical calculation, they depend on the amount of contributions and deductions defendants failed to remit, of which there is no evidence. . ."). The court rejected the plaintiffs' request for $19,023.27 in unpaid contributions for January through March 2011, which, unlike the plaintiffs' claim for $44,387.66, was not supported by evidence. Although the court determined that the plaintiffs' request was based on a "reasonable estimate," it determined that "absent documentation regarding unpaid contributions for the three months in 2011," the requested $19,023.37 was "not actually a sum certain." Id. at 7. Additionally, Plaintiffs' request for attorney's fees is inadequate. Plaintiffs ask for $4,159 in attorney's fees and costs but fail to support their claim with "contemporaneous time records that describe with specificity, by attorney, the nature of the work done, the hours expended, and the dates on which the work was performed." Cruz v. Local Union No. 3 of the IBEW, 34 F.3d 1148, 1160-61 (2d Cir.1994). For the reasons stated, Plaintiffs' Request for Default Judgment under Rule 55 (ECF No. 8) is DENIED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. Plaintiffs have until September 28, 2018 to file a new Rule 55 request with proper documentation. 1. The following allegations are taken from Plaintiff's Complaint (ECF No. 1) unless otherwise noted and are deemed admitted due to Defendants' default. See In re Indus. Diamonds Antitrust Litig., 119 F.Supp.2d 418, 420 (S.D.N.Y. 2000) ("[A] default constitutes an admission of all the facts `well pleaded' in the complaint . . ."). 2. The Court notes that there is nothing improper about the Complaint's concession, as "ERISA plaintiffs are often unable to specify their damages in their initial pleadings, especially in cases in which they seek to compel an audit or recover continually accruing unpaid contributions." Rochester Laborers' Welfare-S.U.B. Fund by Brown v. Structural Remediation Servs., Inc., No. 15-CV-6171 (CJS), 2017 WL 3392585, at *3 (W.D.N.Y. Aug. 8, 2017). 	null
ICE Called A Terrorist Organization	New York Democratic gubernatorial candidate Cynthia Nixon (D-NY) is calling ICE a “terrorist organization.” Nixon stated, “ICE has strayed so far away from its mission. It is supposed to be here to keep Americans safe but what it has turned into frankly is a terrorist organization of its own that is terrorizing people who are coming to this country.”	government
‘Black Panther’ star Chadwick Boseman says Marvel wasn’t initially sold on T’Challa’s African accent	(LOS ANGELES) — Chadwick Boseman is shedding light some light on what went down in the early stages of Black Panther. “They felt that it was maybe too much for an audience to take. I felt the exact opposite — like, if I speak with a British accent, what’s gonna happen when I go home? It felt to me like a deal-breaker,” he said. “I was like, ‘No, this is such an important factor that if we lose this right now, what else are we gonna throw away for the sake of making people feel comfortable?’” In the end, Boseman was able to convince the studio to see things his way. In the movie, T’Challa, aka Black Panther, uses South Africa’s Xhosa accent. As previously reported, Marvel’s Black Panther made history by featuring the first black superhero lead in a mainstream movie. The film, which opened in February 2018, has grossed over one billion dollars worldwide. 	entertainment
The Latest: Man charged with Globe threats was loud neighbor 	LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on California man arrested on charges of threatening to kill Boston Globe employees over editorials condemning President Donald Trump's suggestion that journalists are the enemy (all times local): 11:40 a.m. A neighbor of the Los Angeles man arrested on charges of threatening to kill Boston Globe employees says Robert Chain was loud and bombastic. Tim McGowan said he was awoken at 6 a.m. Thursday by three loud bangs as police raided Chain's house. Federal prosecutors say Chain made threats over a Globe-coordinated series of editorials condemning President Donald Trump's suggestion that journalists are the enemy. McGowan says about 30 heavily armed officers and a tank-like vehicle were outside and Chain eventually emerged in handcuffs wearing only boxer shorts. McGowan says Chain could frequently be heard yelling at his television during sporting events. McGowan says he can't imagine Chain following through on threats, but can imagine him making them because he was a "big mouth." 4:40 a.m. Federal prosecutors say a California man has been charged with threatening to kill Boston Globe employees over a Globe-coordinated series of newspaper editorials condemning President Donald Trump's suggestion that journalists are the enemy. Prosecutors said Thursday that 68-year-old Robert Chain, of Encino, made more than a dozen threatening phone calls to the Globe's newsroom between Aug. 10 and Aug. 22. Prosecutors say on the day the editorials were published in newspapers across the country, Chain called the newsroom and threatened to shoot Globe employees. That threat prompted a police response and increased security at the newspaper's offices. It was not immediately clear if Chain has an attorney. Prosecutors say he's expected to appear in Los Angeles' federal court Thursday and be transferred to Boston at a later date.	null
Nepal and India agree to survey cross-border rail 	Sep 1, 2018-In a first step towards materialising the Kathmandu-Raxaul Railway, Nepal and India on Friday exchanged a memorandum of understanding on preliminary survey of the cross-border connectivity project. The development comes a week after Nepal and China agreed on the technical details of the ambitious Kathmandu-Kerung railway line. The MoU was signed on the sidelines of the Fourth BIMSTEC Summit that concluded in Kathmandu on Friday. As agreed, India will carry out preparatory survey of the railway line within one year. Madhusudhan Adhikari, secretary at Ministry of Physical Infrastructure and Transport, and Manjeev Singh Puri, Indian Ambassador to Nepal, exchanged the MoU on behalf of their respective governments as Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli and Indian PM Narendra Modi witnessed the event. India’s Konkan Railway Corporation Ltd has been tasked with conducting the engineering cum traffic survey of the railway project. The broad gauge electrified rail line was announced during Prime Minister Oli’s visit to India in the first week of April. The neighbours were expected to sign the MoU during Indian Prime Minister’s Nepal visit in May this year, but it did not happen due to some differences. India forwarded a draft MoU as soon as Modi wrapped up his visit. According to Secretary Adhikari, preparatory study of the proposed railway has already started. “This is just formalisation of the ongoing survey works,” he said. Officials said the two countries will agree on implementation and funding modalities of the project based on the detailed project report. The Konkan Railway team had already discussed matters related to the survey with officials at the Railway Department. “We’ve held meetings with Konkan’s team including its Chairman Sanjay Gupta,” said a senior official at the department. Subsequently, a technical team from India started initial study for the 100 kilometre line. The team identified Chobhar as the Kathmandu station of the proposed railway. “The Raxaul-Kathmandu rail line is expected to expand connectivity by enhancing people-to-people linkages between the two countries and promoting economic growth and development,” the Indian Embassy said in a statement. The railway project is expected to be completed within five years. Before signing the MoU, the two prime ministers held delegation-level talks. Also on Friday, Oli and Modi jointly inaugurated the 400-bed Nepal-Bharat Maitri Pashupati Dharmashala. The rest house was built with an Indian grant of Rs220 million. 	transportation
At least 10 killed in South Africa bus crash	CAPE TOWN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - At least ten people died after a bus traveling from South Africa's Cape Town to the Eastern Cape overturned in the early hours of Thursday morning, traffic officials said. The accident occurred at around 2 a.m. (2400 GMT) 50 kilometres outside Beaufort West, a town in the semidesert Karoo region. Another 30 passengers were injured. "The driver apparently lost control of the vehicle which then overturned," said Kenny Africa, provincial traffic chief for the Western Cape. "We are not sure if driver fatigue could have played a role." South Africa has a very poor road safety record despite having the continent's most modern road network. More than 14,000 people were killed in road accidents last year, according to official statistics. (Reporting by Wendell Roelf Editing by Joe Brock)	transportation
South Deerfield water district grapples with violations, turbidity	SOUTH DEERFIELD — The South Deerfield Water Supply District has violated several drinking water requirements, forcing it to issue to a public notice about water quality. Although there is no significant immediate danger to people’s health, the warning is about an issue that Superintendent Roger Sadoski said has him puzzled.  Sadoski reported to the district commissioners this week that at least two people in town have reported brown water at their homes.  The brown cloudiness, or turbidity, “may be affected by chemical reactions with manganese in our water,” the public notice states.  The water quality itself and delays in alerting residents about it resulted in several state Department of Environmental Protection rules violations.  The turbidity of the water exceeded allowable levels in early July, which resulted in a violation, and the district did not provide the required notice to MassDEP within the mandated 48 hours following a violation. The district also did not submit the required records and reports to MassDEP by the 10th of the following month – and did not provide public notice for the turbidity levels violation within the 30-day deadline. In addition, the district continued to fail at meeting turbidity standards in August. By Sept. 13, the water district has to notify MassDEP about what action it will take to deal with the turbidity. There are two options, either implement a state’s suggested plan or use a plan of the district’s own, following state approval of it.   Failure to respond to a notice of noncompliance can result in serious legal consequences, MassDEP explains in its notice to the district.  At Monday’s regular water district meeting, Sadoski explained the problem as related to manganese and the treatment of a portion of the district’s water.  While the public notice and MassDEP officials have said the district is on its way to solving the problem, the superintendent was less confident of an immediate solution.  “We’ve treated it the same way for 10 years and for some reason it’s not working anymore,” Sadoski said to the water commissioners.  The commissioners asked Sadoski to also take time to address the staffing shortfalls highlighted by a recent report by MassDEP. Commissioner Gary Stokarski told the superintendent he has to meet with the Amherst water department to arrange to share staff to address part of the state’s concerns with the South Deerfield district’s inadequate staffing.  Sadoski reported that MassDEP’s Doug Pain told him to focus on the issue with turbidity, which he said was more important than staffing violations.  A spokeswoman for the Western Regional Office for MassDEP, Catherine Skiba, did not confirm Sadoski’s understanding about the state’s priorities. She did issue a statement that said in part: “With respect to compliance, all aspects of operations and management must be conducted in compliance with regulatory requirements to ensure the delivery of safe drinking water to the consumer.”  Sadoski explained MassDEP sent someone to the district to help resolve the turbidity issue.  “He made a couple suggestions … He said, ‘I don’t know if this will solve the problem,’” Sadoski said at the meeting. “Whatever he told us, we already knew.”  Sadoski said the issue is “more aesthetic than anything,” adding, “There isn’t a health issue at the moment.”  Manganese is a mineral element that occurs naturally in food, water, air and soil and in small amounts is important for human health, but in large doses can harm the body, especially the nervous system in developing children. The superintendent did note that increasing amounts of research today, including by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, have stated that increased and sustained manganese levels in water if drunk at high volumes could affect the development of children. But, Sadoski said, “the manganese levels are low,” relative to those consequential levels.  Chairman David Wells told Sadoski, “The way you described it, it doesn’t sound like that critical of a situation.”  “In my mind, it isn’t,” Sadoski said. “But to the state, it is.”  “They even said, it’s not a health issue,” Sadoski continued. “It’s just a standard they need to be maintained.”  Sadoski did say he will try out the suggestions.  The state issued several recommendations to the district about how to address the problem.  The water district will have to “monitor raw water quality, determine if turbidity sampling method is representative of water in the distribution system and if treatment processes require adjustment,” Skiba said in a statement.  The South Deerfield Water Supply District is currently under investigation by the Massachusetts Attorney General’s Office, and was issued a subpoena for documents in early May. The district has discussed with its lawyer potential litigation, but has not explained what the probe is about. Neither has the AG’s office.	null
He got dumped, then quit his job. Now, at age 33, a baseball-loving British man has finally found his purpose.	FARGO — Joey Mellows had never been to North Dakota before. A native of Portsmouth, England, Mellows, 33, arrived in Fargo for the first time on Monday, Aug. 27, just in time to catch the spectacle he came here to witness: the Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks versus the Chicago Dogs at Newman Outdoor Field. Upon arrival, Mellows was given a warm Fargo welcome: a downpour that delayed the game by nearly two-and-a-half hours. With little end in sight and a 25-minute walk back to his north Fargo hotel, Mellows threw in the towel. The game would finally resume at 11:30 p.m. that night, eventually finishing Tuesday morning at 12:23 a.m. "Fargo, North Dakota is an incredibly cool place to visit," tweeted Mellows, who also goes by the nickname "Baseball Brit," on Aug. 28. "However ... I'm not sure whether to count this game as I left during a 2 hour 28min storm delay. Wotcha reckon?" Game 57: The Chicago Dogs at Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks Fargo, North Dakota is an incredibly cool place to visit. However... ...I'm not sure whether to count this game as I left during a 2 hour 28min storm delay. Wotcha reckon? pic.twitter.com/dDj5BFuLbS — Baseball Brit (@BaseballBrit) August 28, 2018 "I think 4 innings counts," one person replied to Mellows' tweet. "Don't count it," another person replied. Mellows would take the latter person's advice, and returned to Newman Outdoor Field on Tuesday for game two of a three-game series against the Chicago Dogs, or, as Mellows called it, "game 58." Game 58: The Chicago Dogs at Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks For purists, there are no automatic intentional walks in @AA_Baseball. Four pitches still need to be thrown. For progressives, @FMRedHawks allow one fan to sit in a rocking chair next to the opposing manager during games! pic.twitter.com/VGBkqDC5xU — Baseball Brit (@BaseballBrit) August 29, 2018 Mellows is on the home stretch of a nationwide, baseball-filled, road-tripping adventure that can summed up as borderline midlife crisis and half genius, depending on who you ask. But if you were to ask him, he'd tell you, at age 33, he's just now "living the life." Proving it's never too late to drop everything and start anew. 'I wanted to do something different' Three months ago, Mellows embarked on the journey of a lifetime in a country he had hardly visited to study, research and write about a sport that he barely knew. For this baseball-loving Brit, his journey has a purpose: to spread his newfound love, passion and enthusiasm for the game of baseball to a country where it simply doesn't exist. Mellows grew up in Portsmouth, a bustling port city on the southern border of England about 75 miles southwest of London. The adopted son of a former professional soccer player, Mellows — like nearly every other Englishman — was entrenched in the game of soccer at a young age. After obtaining a master's degree from the University of Cambridge, Mellows moved to Seoul to teach at a boarding school. A nine-hour time difference between England and South Korea proved to be difficult in the early going for Mellows, he said. A match that started at 3 p.m. back home wouldn't get underway until midnight in South Korea. In the beginning, he tried to stay awake and watch, he said, but ultimately, it proved to be too much. Looking for another outlet to appease his sports-loving self, Mellows turned to watching South Korean professional baseball. Knowing absolutely nothing about the sport didn't matter to Mellows. All that mattered was that he could watch. As the days, weeks and months passed, Mellows kept watching. And watching. And watching. His interest in the sport was steadily rising. After getting dumped by his girlfriend, he quit his teaching job and decided to travel to the United States to begin his new journey: attending 59 baseball games in 74 days. "I was 33 and I wanted to do something different while I could," Mellows said. "I had always decided to leave South Korea after four years anyway." For the past 10 years, Mellows said he has been saving money to eventually "do something." But he never envisioned that this would be that something. The journey begins On June 24, Mellows would attend game 11 of 59 on his journey. It was in Houston to watch the Astros take on the Kansas City Royals, just one of a few MLB games he'd attend along the journey. Mellows, who is a contributor to a UK MLB blog called "Bat Flips & Nerds," would sit in the press box as a credentialed media member. As he'd come to find out, MLB games just weren't his cup of tea. Prior to arriving in Fargo earlier this week, Mellows spent the weekend in Minneapolis, which included a trip to Target Field to watch the Minnesota Twins on Saturday, Aug. 25, for game 56. "It was nice to go see the park and watch that level of baseball," Mellows said. "But I find it a bit more sterile and a bit more corporate." Game 12 would be more of Mellows' style. It was June 25 in Sugar Land, Texas. The Lancaster Barnstormers versus the Sugar Land Skeeters. These kinds of nicknames and mascots alone would draw even the most lukewarm of baseball fans to attend a minor league game. "To me, the independent league stuff is the purest form of the game," Mellows said. "They're doing it for peanuts, they're not earning the big bucks ... they're living with host families." Mellows, who says he plans on writing a book on the health of baseball in the U.S. later this winter, frequently gets inside access to players, coaches and front office staff in nearly every town he visits. A June 26 tweet shows Mellows pictured with former Philadelphia Phillies slugger and current Skeeters manager Pete Incaviglia, who holds the NCAA record for most home runs in a season with 48. One of these men has 206 @MLB home runs & is still the @NCAACWS record holder for homers in a season (48) & career (100). The other man has a moustache. On June 29, Mellows is pictured with none other than former Orioles slugger Rafael Palmeiro, who attempted a comeback this season at age 53 with the Cleburne Railroaders of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. Only 6 players in @MLB history have over 500 home runs & 3,000 hits. I've just interviewed one of them & told him to grow the moustache back. #nerves #RafaelPalmeiro pic.twitter.com/rWLdGG4jqT — Baseball Brit (@BaseballBrit) June 29, 2018 By Sept. 5, Mellows will have visited 42 Independent League teams, which include teams like the F-M RedHawks, Winnipeg Goldeyes and Sioux Falls Canaries, in 28 different cities. He'll also have attended 12 MLB games, three Double-A and one Triple-A game. "For me, the indy stuff, for what I'm trying to research and write, has the more interesting stories," Mellows said. "It's the towns, the people who truly enjoy baseball. The best part for me is the people I've met and the kindness of strangers, really, in terms of welcoming me to their community and their ballpark. It's been great to see so much of the country." What's on deck Mellows' pre-planned three-month journey officially comes to an end on Sept. 5, though he says that he plans to attend the Independent League playoffs next week and imagines he'll "do another 30 games or so before I leave the country." This winter, on top of writing a book, Mellows says he plans on continuing his baseball adventure in Mexico and possibly Arizona to watch winter ball, a place where top MLB prospects and players can be found during the offseason. On May 9, MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred announced that London's Olympic Stadium will play host to the first MLB games ever to be held in Europe, when the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox play there on June 29 and 30, 2019. Mellows says he hopes his current experiences may be useful in helping determine how the sport could grow and reach new fans in Europe. "If a few people from this experience get interested in baseball outside MLB, I'll be happy," said Mellows. When asked if he'll be attending the game, Mellows said if he's in town, he'll be there. "I don't know where I'll be," Mellows said. Perhaps he'll be right back in Fargo-Moorhead. Hopefully, next time the rain can subside. First Down Friday: Central Cass wins on new field, Valley City falls2 hours ago First Down Friday: EGF defeats rival Crookston2 hours ago First Down Friday: Thompson and Richland earn W's2 hours ago First Down Friday: Elk River asserts its dominance over Moorhead in the football season opener2 hours ago First Down Friday: Milnor-North Sargent tops Oak Grove2 hours ago First Down Friday: Red River falls, Shanley takes down Grafton2 hours ago First Down Friday: Sheyenne & Davies roll, Mandan tops South 2 hours ago First Down Friday: Strong second half helps Barnesville push past D-G-F2 hours ago 	evergreen
HRT receives grant to purchase battery-powered electric buses	NORFOLK, Va. – Hampton Roads Transit has received a $2.29 million federal grant to purchase battery-powered electric buses and the charging stations needed to keep them running. The grant from the Federal Transit Administration is part of a developing HRT test program to evaluate how modern all-electric vehicles would perform in real-world transit conditions. This is the second federal grant that HRT has received for this effort – the first grant awarded was $500,000. With this money, the agency will be able to purchase two buses and their associated equipment. The $2.29 million grant was among the largest in the nation and the only one awarded in Virginia. The push to explore electric buses is also part of larger effort at HRT to transform its practices to reflect changing market conditions and the evolving desires of the commuting public. This fall, HRT will begin a study to reevaluate its bus network with an eye to achieving improved efficiencies and to test whether the existing route structure is the best use of public resources. This summer, HRT launched a mobile ticketing project at the Virginia Beach Oceanfront where customers can purchase tickets using cell phones, a first for the agency. A long-term goal is to expand mobile ticketing across the agency. “I want to thank our federal delegation for their continued support of our vision to drive regional prosperity and make life better for our community,” said William Harrell, president and CEO of HRT. “This federal investment will support HRT’s growth as an innovative, forward-thinking agency.” Fielding an all-electric bus has advantages, as diesel fuel is the largest non-salary, non-benefit expense at HRT. Depending on market conditions and the ability of the agency to take advantage of long-term contracts, diesel fuel can cost HRT anywhere from $4 million to $10 million a year. Recently, it has taken about $19,000 a year to fuel a diesel bus. Charging an electric bus, by comparison, costs about $3,200 a year at rates that HRT pays. The big cost difference, however, is in the vehicle price. A new diesel bus can cost about $469,000. An all electric, battery-powered bus can cost $951,000. The cost difference is recovered through lower fuel and maintenance costs during the first 10 years of the expected 12-year life cycle of the electric bus No date has been set for the purchase of the new buses.	transportation
Global Veal Meat Market 2018-2022 | New Veal Processing and Packaging Technology to Boost Growth | Technavio	LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug 30, 2018--According to the latest market research report released by Technavio, the global veal meat market size is expected to exceed 1427 thousand tonnes by 2022. The increasing import and export of veal meat is one of the key factors triggering the growth of the market. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180830005368/en/ Technavio has published a new market research report on the global veal meat market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire) This research report titled ‘ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. It also includes an up-to-date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: The market research analysis categorizes the global veal meat market into the following products: Fresh veal meatProcessed veal meat In 2017, the fresh veal meat segment accounted for 73.51% of the global market and is projected to decline to 73.06% by 2022, exhibiting a 0.45% decrease in market share. Global veal meat market: Top emerging trend New veal processing and packaging technology is an emerging trend in the food space. In terms of trade, the exports of beef and veal meat from Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Hong Kong, and China had increased in 2016 as compared to the exports in 2015. This is further expected to increase during the forecast period. In 2016, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand were the biggest importers of beef and veal, and, therefore, this factor is expected to boost the growth of the overall global market. New technological advancements are expected to help cater to the increase in demand and improve operational efficiencies. Looking for more information on this market? Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions. With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio’s report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio’s comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.	manufacture
Dutch police shoot suspect after stabbing at train station 	AMSTERDAM (AP) — Police in the Dutch capital shot and wounded a suspect Friday following a stabbing at Amsterdam's busy central railway station. Amsterdam police said in a series of tweets that two people were injured in the stabbing and the suspect was then shot by officers. All three people were taken to a hospital. Police said the motive for the stabbing was under investigation and "all possible scenarios are being kept open." Police said that two platforms were closed to train traffic, but the station wasn't evacuated. Trams to and from the square in front of the station were stopped as police and emergency services converged on the area. Red and white police tape kept members of the public away from the scene. Central Station is a busy entry and exit point for visitors to the Dutch capital, with regular trains linking it to the city's Schiphol Airport. Friday is one of the busiest days of the week, with many tourists arriving for the weekend.	null
UD president says these areas of technology are becoming critical 	(This is part of a series of executive profiles in the Dayton Business Journal.) Eric Spina joined the University of Dayton two years ago as its 19th president. The growing campus welcomed last week its second-largest cohort of first-year students in the class of 2022 — just behind the university's largest undergraduate class last year. The private, Catholic research institute — founded in 1850 — has been named a Top 10 Best Value College in 2017 by SmartAsset, with an average starting salary of $53,700 for graduates. UD is the fourth-largest institution of higher learning in the region, based on a student enrollment of nearly 11,000. It also ranks among the top 10 employers in the region, with more than 3,000 employees. Spina has a background of more than 20 years and dozens of publications as a researcher in mechanical and aerospace engineering. He has worked on multi-million dollar grants from NASA, the National Science Foundation and the Environmental Protection Agency. He also holds two U.S. patents in microsensor anemometers, used to measure high-speed flows. My first job was at McDonald’s when I was 16. I was the youngest person working there. I learned a lot about working hard, and that if you work hard good things happen. Within a couple years, I was an assistant manager with a little bit of leadership responsibility. For me, it was a chance to meet people and learn to work with people who are different than me. My first full-time job was with a space launch consulting firm near the Pentagon. I worked there for a year between earning my master’s and PhD. I was part of a team responsible for thinking about how satellites that were supposed to go to orbit on the space shuttle could be manifested on an expendable launch vehicle instead. Three months after I started that job, the Space Shuttle Challenger was tragically lost. The rest of my time there was spent working with and supporting others working feverishly to recover the ability to launch key satellites if necessary. While I enjoyed working in D.C., my major takeaway from that job was that I really missed academia. I felt I could have a bigger impact and make a positive difference through educating young people, so off I went to complete my PhD at Princeton. Best piece of advice you ever got? It was from my father when I was in high school: Treat others the way you want to be treated. I try to live that each and every day as a leader. If you were not involved in academia, what would you be doing? I’d want to be the center fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates! But seriously, if I weren’t the president, I’d be a faculty member, a teacher and a researcher. Instead of aerospace, I might focus on history because I just love learning about the impact that determined individuals have on our country and society. I’ve been in academia so long and really found it’s my passion, so I can’t think of a job outside the field that I would be doing. I love what I do. What are the largest growth areas in education/workforce for prospective students entering adulthood to consider? My background is engineering, so I tend to think about technology. Artificial intelligence and autonomous systems are going to be more and more significant parts of our lives from education to manufacturing, to research and development to health care, you name it. AI and autonomous systems are going to be critical. The other growth area is in biology. In particular, bioengineering as we think about additive manufacturing and ways we can address things like spinal cord injuries and neuroscience issues. Those areas of bioengineering and applied life sciences are incredibly rich and rewarding and increasingly will be the province of private companies as well as the federal government. What are some projects upcoming for University of Dayton? Beyond the fairgrounds and the downtown Arcade, on campus we are beginning to think about Chaminade Hall, which has been vacant for four years, in terms of what that space can become to really fuel our academic mission and support student learning. Outside of construction news, we are announcing a new hybrid law degree with a premier partner that will put us in a leadership position in online education for Juris Doctor degrees. What are the latest projects on campus that have recently completed or are near completion? We are installing more than 4,000 solar panels on campus, on the roof of Fitz Hall and the front lawn of Curran Place. The solar installations are particularly important because the university is focused on sustainability in teaching/learning, in research and in our operations. We recently earned our first gold rating for sustainability in the national STARS (Sustainability Tracking, Assessment and Rating System) from the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education. These are two very visible symbols of how we’re making sure our operations are also sustainable. Additionally, the $11 million Adele Center will be completed in August in the south student neighborhood. It is a mixed-used building for campus ministry, student development and apartments that is named after one of the Society of Mary founders who is being beatified (a first step toward being named a saint) this summer. We are also working on a building project that would bring together The Dayton Foundation, the Dayton Development Coalition and our Fitz Center for Leadership in Community. What’s the best way for a company to do business with the University of Dayton? Don't assume what we do and don’t do. This is a university that really wants to partner to grow the local economy and to create opportunities for our students. We’re willing to work differently from other academic institutions, whether the entry is through our Research Institute, which is really focused on solutions, or corporate relations in which we look for broader partnerships. We view purchasing decisions as opportunities to choose environmentally and socially preferable products and services, to support vendors with strong commitments to sustainability, to support the local economy, and to pursue the common good. We actively participate in events held by the Dayton Area Chamber of Commerce Minority Business Partnership; Ohio Minority Supplier Development Council; and Ohio Valley Regional-Women’s Business Council. We welcome any potential supplier to visit our supplier page and register through the supplier portal as the first step to doing business with UD. What’s the biggest hurdle facing institutions of higher education? Universities need to ensure we’re accessible to individuals from every socioeconomic level, especially considering where we are as a country and the growing divide among rich and poor. We are focused on making sure there are pathways to UD no matter your walk of life. Our new UD Sinclair Academy eases the transition from Sinclair Community College to UD. It offers dedicated academic advisors, access to mentoring, scholarship opportunities and a host of other benefits. Our new Flyer Promise program also removes financial barriers for students at our partner high schools. We are also innovative in our pricing, and our no-fee, fixed net-price tuition plan has helped students graduate on time with less debt. Last book you read? "Grand Eccentrics," which is about the giants in Dayton — Charles Kettering, John H. Patterson, the Wright Brothers and others — and how they worked together and within their organizations to build the Dayton we know. Being new to Dayton and hearing so much over the last year and a half about these giants, I thought it was a good read for me. Favorite Dayton area restaurant? There are so many great options in Dayton, but I will say Coco’s, for their great food, the friendly ambiance, and their wonderful owner, who does so much for our broader community. Eric Spina earned a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University, and a master's degree and PhD in mechanical and aerospace engineering at Princeton University. He joined the University of Dayton following a 28-year tenure at Syracuse University that included nine years as vice chancellor and provost, and other roles as a department chair, college dean and professor. 	null
Top 20 Global Concert Tours from Pollstar 	The Top 20 Global Concert Tours ranks artists by average box office gross per city and includes the average ticket price for shows Worldwide. The list is based on data provided to the trade publication Pollstar by concert promoters and venue managers. Week of August 29 2018: 1. Taylor Swift; $11,238,382; $127.21. 2. The Rolling Stones; $8,968,275; $155.26. 3. Jay-Z / Beyoncé; $6,575,209; $111.42. 4. Celine Dion; $4,782,217; $212.19. 5. Guns N' Roses; $4,127,170; $96.46. 6. U2; $3,617,679; $140.39. 7. Eagles; $3,349,047; $154.68. 8. Kenny Chesney; $2,900,256; $87.69. 9. Justin Timberlake; $2,681,176; $125.92. 10. Pink; $2,672,981; $137.77. 11. Roger Waters; $2,099,342; $99.51. 12. Foo Fighters; $2,093,808; $92.38. 13. "Springsteen On Broadway" ; $2,065,946; $508.70. 14. Dead & Company; $1,851,279; $71.04. 15. Iron Maiden; $1,748,291; $80.16. 16. Journey / Def Leppard; $1,558,021; $92.14. 17. Katy Perry; $1,481,306; $78.56. 18. Paul Simon; $1,451,357; $101.41. 19. André Rieu; $1,414,093; $90.57. 20. Luis Miguel; $1,326,472; $107.50.	arts
Watch Little Nana Iris' naughty twist on the baby shark dance which has sent Facebook into meltdown	The Sun - 18:45 PM GMT August 23, 2018 ● Watch Facebook troll who targeted tragic Olivia Burt admit he deserves to go to prison Chronicle Live - 15:36 PM GMT August 30, 2018 ● Facebook Watch Hasn't Caught On With Viewers Yet Forbes.com - 14:00 PM GMT August 30, 2018 ● Facebook, Twitter, Google at Senate Intelligence Committee: Watch live Sept. 5 - CNET CNET News - 12:00 PM GMT August 30, 2018 ● Facebook Watch video service is going international - CNET CNET News - 15:28 PM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook Watch launches worldwide: can it rival YouTube? The Week - 14:29 PM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook rolls out Watch video service internationally Reuters - 13:06 PM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook launches Watch to rival streaming sites Sky news - 11:35 AM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook Watch online TV service available worldwide Evening Times - 11:18 AM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook Watch video service launches worldwide BBC News - 10:17 AM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Facebook rolls-out its 'Watch' video platform to users worldwide Mail Online - 10:13 AM GMT August 29, 2018 ● Is Jose Mourinho heading for meltdown? TACKLE KEOWN Mail Online - 12:40 PM GMT August 30, 2018 ● Coleen Nolan WON'T be apologising for Kim Woodburn's meltdown on Loose Women Mirror - 09:05 AM GMT August 30, 2018 ● Man United don't know how to use the media - Mourinho's meltdown was a result of hiding him away 	null
Restoration work on Capitol building nears completion	CHEYENNE, Wyo. — The Wyoming State Capitol may reopen as early as this winter after years of being closed off to the public for restoration work. Legislative Services Office Special Projects Manager Wendy Madsen says most of the substantial work on the building has been more or less completed, extending the historic building’s lifespan for at least another century. The Casper Star-Tribune reported Friday that the Wyoming Capitol building is one of just 11 in the nation classified as a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of the Interior. Two of the most critical upgrades to the building are an expansive sprinkler system and a proper ventilation system. One review of the building’s safety said that without those additions, everyone would likely succumb to smoke within minutes should a fire take place.	construction
Drive on to attract cruise ships to Great Lakes	MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. — A coalition of government and business groups is kicking off a campaign to attract cruise ships to the Great Lakes. Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder and other officials are scheduled to attend an announcement of the "Cruise the Great Lakes" initiative Thursday on Mackinac Island. The announcement will coincide with a port of call by Victory 1, a cruise line ship that regularly tours the Great Lakes. The new marketing partnership includes several of the region's states and Canadian provinces, plus port authorities and local tourism agencies. They say cruise ship tourism on the Great Lakes is expected to grow significantly in coming years. Eight ships were expected to visit this year, representing about 100,000 passenger port visits. Two additional vessels plan to start operating on the lakes in 2020.	transportation
Woman involved in crash with pig hauler now in fair condition	HANOVER TWP., MI - The condition of a 29-year-old Brooklyn woman involved in a Hanover Township crash involving a pig hauler earlier this month continues to improve. The woman is in fair condition as of Friday afternoon, Aug. 31, according to a Henry Ford Allegiance Health spokeswoman. Last week, the woman was listed in serious condition. The crash initially left her in critical condition. She was involved in a crash before 3 p.m. Aug. 8. Police said the woman, heading west on Hanover Road, failed to yield to a semitrailer going south on Moscow Road. The semitrailer struck the vehicle and they both landed on their sides, according to the Hillsdale County Sheriff's Office. About 100 pigs were in the truck at the time to be taken to Bob Evans Farms in Hillsdale. Some of the pigs died or escaped, while the ones who did survive were taken to a nearby farm. 	null
Global Steel Production Up as China Churns Out Record Output	Global crude steel production expanded in July as steel mills in China -- the world's biggest steel producer -- ramped up production to record high. Higher output from India and the United States also supported the growth. According to the latest report from the World Steel Association ("WSA") -- the international trade body for the iron and steel industry -- crude steel production for 64 reporting nations spiked 5.8% year over year for the reported month to 154.6 million tons (Mt). Chinese Mills Beef Up Output Production from China, which accounts for around half of the global steel output, shot up 7.2% year over year to a new record high of 81.2 Mt in July, exceeding the previous peak level of 81.1 Mt registered in May. Chinese steel mills are ramping up production, driven by higher profits. Mills in the country are taking advantage of higher domestic steel prices that translates to higher profits for the Chinese steel industry. The spike in output came despite Beijing’s ongoing efforts to reduce the country’s massive excess steel capacity and streamline its burgeoning steel sector. Fears of renewed oversupply of steel in the market triggered by a surge in production in China to record highs in the recent months have gripped the steel industry lately. Chinese steel mills have been beefing up output to take advantage of strong profit margins since the four-month production restriction to curb pollution during the winter months was lifted by Beijing in March 2018. The ramp up in Chinese output, notwithstanding the ongoing trade spat between Beijing and Washington, has raised industry-wide concerns that a glut of cheap Chinese steel will put downward pressure on steel prices globally. How Other Key Producers Fared in July Among other major Asian producers, India saw an 8% rise in production to 9 Mt in July. Steel mills in the country have been benefiting from strong domestic demand. Output in Japan slipped 2% to 8.4 Mt in July as heavy rain affected production in western Japan during the month. Production in South Korea edged up 0.1% to 6.2 Mt. Consolidated output were up 6.3% to 109 Mt in Asia.	manufacture
Man charged with making threats to Boston Globe, calling paper 'enemy of the people' 	A California man was arrested and charged Thursday with making violent threats to Boston Globe employees, calling the newspaper the "enemy of the people," the U.S. Attorney’s office for Massachusetts said. Robert D. Chain, 68, of Encino, California, was charged with one count of making threatening communications in interstate commerce, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison. He is scheduled to appear in federal court in Los Angeles Thursday and be transferred to Boston at a future time. Court documents say Chain made about 14 threatening calls between Aug. 10-22, in reaction to the Globe’s efforts to organize a coordinated response from newspapers across the country to President Trump’s repeated attacks on the media. In those calls, Chain allegedly referred to the Globe as “the enemy of the people’’ and threatened to kill its employees. Trump has often used that phrase in lambasting the news media. According to the criminal complaint, the caller said, "As long as you keep attacking the President, the duly elected President of the United States, in the continuation of your treasonous and seditious acts, I will continue to threats, harass, and annoy the Boston Globe, owned by the New York Times, the other fake news." The Globe said more than 400 news outlets joined the coordinated campaign, including the New York Times, Dallas Morning News, Chicago Sun-Times, Philadelphia Inquirer and Denver Post, writing editorials in support of freedom of the press and decrying Trump’s references to the press as “fake news.’’ The day the mass editorials published on Aug. 16, authorities say Chain called the Globe’s newsroom and threatened to shoot its employees in the head “later today, at 4 o’clock.’’ Boston police responded by stationing personnel outside the Globe’s offices. “Everyone has a right to express their opinion, but threatening to kill people takes it over the line and will not be tolerated,” Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Boston Division, said in a statement. “Today’s arrest of Robert Chain should serve a warning to others, that making threats is not a prank, it’s a federal crime.’’  The arrest comes two months after a disgruntled reader killed five and wounded two others in a shooting at the offices of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. Jarrod Ramos, 38, was charged with 23 counts in connection with that attack. Globe spokeswoman Jane Bowman issued a statement thanking authorities for responding to the threats, protecting the newspaper’s employees and following up on the case. “We couldn’t have asked for a stronger response,’’ she said. “While it was unsettling for many of our staffers to be threatened in such a way, nobody – really, nobody – let it get in the way of the important work of this institution.’’ Trump’s condemnations of the press have become a common part of his speeches and rallies, and at some of them his supporters have directed invectives and obscene gestures at the media section. In announcing Thursday’s arrest, U.S. Attorney Andrew Lelling said, “In a time of increasing political polarization, and amid the increasing incidence of mass shootings, members of the public must police their own political rhetoric. Or we will.” Chain said in 2013 that he hadn’t worked in more than 20 years and suffered from health problems, according to court documents filed in a civil case brought against him by the U.S. government over unpaid student loans. Chain said in a declaration filed in the case that he hadn’t worked since 1989 and was receiving Social Security benefits. He said he had a heart attack in 2005 and had continuing health issues. AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More From USA TODAY Ryan Reynolds, Chris Evans and more Marvel superheroes join forces to make sick fan smile Trump volunteer blocks news photographer's camera at Indiana rally Locklear faces 3 new charges after attacking police officer Visit site 	null
The Art and Science of Synthesist David Burraston	David Burraston (who also goes by Dave Noyze) may well be the only scientist and synthesist who lives five miles away from the nearest paved road. “We live on the farm where [my wife’s parents] were when they retired,” he explains. “We run a farm as well as the Wired Lab here. We’re in the middle of nowhere, and we’re not served by any amenities except electricity. We have to capture our own water, we have our own sewage and septic tank, we have to take our own rubbish to the tip. We don’t even get mail.” This is somewhat surprising for a man who obtained a Ph.D. for researching cellular automata and generative music, and famously conducted and independently released Syrobonkers!, the most technically comprehensive interview Aphex Twin ever gave. 53-year-old Burraston has lived in the countryside for nearly half his life; his first 28 years were spent in Nottingham, U.K., where he could go to clubs and shows, trade mixtapes, and play in bands as a teenager. His journey into synthesis and computer science was almost preordained. “My dad was one of the first commercial computer programmers in the U.K.,” Burraston says. “He worked at the East Midlands Electricity Board, and started programming in the ‘50s with an analog computer. I knew what a modem was when I was five years old.” Burraston was already something of an electronics and music whiz at a young age. He started playing piano at six, but was drawn to the strange sounds he heard on science fiction programs. “I was always totally captivated by sound effects and noises on TV,” he says, “and immediately wanted to know how they were made… I was interested in melody, harmony, rhythm, as well as pure sound itself. When I found out what synthesizers were, I had to figure out how they were built.” At age 11, Burraston built his first radio, a two-transistor with a crystal earpiece, and since then, he’s made his own pieces of gear, cheerfully soldering electronic bits into playable modules, patch cables, and more. He bought his first synthesizer, a Roland Jupiter-4, in 1981 at age 16, which was also the year he left school to work at British Telecom. Prior to this, he had worked paper rounds, using his earnings to pick up records; once he began working for British Telecom, Burraston turned his eye towards gear. When it came time to purchase his first synth, he was torn between the Roland Jupiter-4, a fixed polyphonic synth, and the Roland 100m, a semi-modular synth. Ultimately, he went with the Jupiter-4 because it could play chords, which was suitable for the band he was in at the time, as well as the ability to use a hold switch for textures, drones, and arpeggios and the ability for users to create presets. Eventually, the Roland 100m also made its way into Burraston’s hands, and he still owns it to this day, which is saying something—Burraston is restless when it comes to equipment. “I’ve sold a staggering amount of synths and gear over the years,” he says, detailing his pursuit of new sounds and ideas. “Then I want another piece of gear and have no money, so why not just sell something?”	arts
Tips for Using Pinterest for Social Marketing	Retailers looking to boost sales would do well to focus on Pinterest, say digital marketing experts, because consumers actively use the social platform to search for goods and ideas, rather than passively following a feed. “Furniture retailers are making a significant push into mobile and social media as tech-savvy millennials reach the age of starting careers and moving into new homes or apartments that need furnishing,” according to research from software firm ShareIQ, which measures businesses’ online user engagement. “Pinterest unveiled several useful tools for shoppers such as visual search and in-app purchasing capabilities, in a likely attempt to attract more big-name brands to the site.” Natalia Wulfe, an account director at Austin-based digital marketing agency Effective Spend, argues that Pinterest is a unique value proposition for retailers, which demands a different approach than marketing on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter. “While it has many of the sharing and community engagement properties of other social media platforms like Facebook and Instagram,” Wulfe says, “it’s also a powerful search engine like Google and Bing. When people are using Pinterest, they are often actively typing in searches to find products they intend to purchase.” Zellie Friedman, social media manager for San Diego-based Power Digital Marketing, agrees that Pinterest’s focus on search creates more opportunities for retailers than other social media. “With other social platforms, your success is dependent on consistent and timely posts,” Friedman says. “But with Pinterest, your posts can grow in success with time.” Friedman suggests a two-pronged approach, combining great photos with searchable keywords. “When it comes to home decor you need a combination of beautiful photography with keyword-focused pin descriptions,” she says. “No matter how amazing your photography is, your pins won't reach the feed unless they're optimized with searchable descriptions. Include trending keywords within your product descriptions -- whether it’s a style -- think mid-century -- or material, like velvet. This will help your pins reach the newsfeed, while your lifestyle photography can encourage repins to help your pins go viral.” That said, Wulfe cautions against overdoing the descriptive text. “Pinterest is a visual experience,” she says, “so your Pin should tell your story visually, with minimal copy needed. A very effective way to drive retail sales on Pinterest is to run keyword advertising campaigns. Just like on Google, marketers have the ability to serve very highly targeted and highly relevant ads to Pinterest users based on the specific keywords they’re searching, such as when someone searches for ‘mint ottoman’ or ‘Adirondack chairs.’ ...Pinterest’s focus on search creates more opportunities for retailers than other social media. Wulfe highlights the particular effectiveness of Pinterest’s visual search feature and suggests using “lifestyle” photography that shows products in a natural setting. This also helps your products reach more potential customers through Pinterest’s visual search. “For example, a user could see a loveseat that they like in a restaurant and take a picture of the loveseat,” Wulfe says. Then, they can upload that image to Pinterest and Pinterest will return search results for that loveseat, loveseats of a similar design, or other furniture products that would complement that loveseat based on its color scheme and design aesthetic. Pinterest’s visual search also analyzes images that a user ‘pins’ and then recommends similar products or aesthetics. So, the goal here is to create pins that can be easily discoverable and matched to user’s visual searches and pins to achieve more impressions across Pinterest.” Learn more about social media marketing at the PBM Next Conference, Sept 24-26 in Austin, TX. Register now at pbmnext.com.	evergreen
Mwilu back to work, attends JSC meeting	A day after being arrested and unceremoniously paraded in court over 13 graft-related charges, yesterday was just another day at the office for Deputy Chief Justice Philomena Mwilu. For her, it was business as usual as she strode into the comfort of her lofty office at 7.30am as the second in command at the Judiciary—and later attended a crucial Judicial Service Commission (JSC) meeting at the Supreme Court in Nairobi. At the JSC meeting, which ended at 5.30pm, Mwilu was said to have briefed the members, among them chair Justice David Maraga, on the progress of the case.  The JSC meeting held on the second floor started shortly after 9am with a heavy security cordon around the venue to keep at bay  hawk-eyed press. The DCJ escaped suspension after her lawyers successfully mounted a spirited legal fight to shield her from taking a plea, thus saving her job. During the meeting, which also unanimously agreed to extend the term of Chief Registrar of Judiciary Anne  Amadi by five years, Mwilu also recounted her treatment in the hands of the police. Amadi was appointed on January 2014 and her term is scheduled to expire at the end of this year. According to a source, the members expressed reservations about the handling of the case by Director Public Prosecutions (DPP) Noordin Haji and Directorate of Criminal Investigations(DCI)  George Kinoti. Although the members did not take a stand on the matter, they, however, raised concern over the  police and DPP poking their noses into a matter that ought to have been treated as civil. Some commissioners were concerned that the matter was not handled through JSC, the constitutional channel. According to the Constitution, a complaint should have been made to JSC, to commence investigations, which, if proved, would have led to suspension of Mwilu and subsequent advice to the President to constitute a tribunal to probe her conduct. One commissioner questioned why the tax evasion charge did not emanate from the Kenya Revenue Authority, which ought to have written to Mwilu before moving to court after having exhausted all available channels. Mwilu, who faces a 13-count indictment involving what she calls “commercial transactions” with the collapsed Imperial Bank, is expected to appear before Anti-Corruption chief magistrate Lawrence Mugambi this morning to confirm whether the suspension of the criminal case by High Court judge Chacha Mwita is valid. The criminal case hit a snag on Wednesday after it emerged that the order issued by the judge was not applicable to the file since the defence team, led by Siaya Senator James Orengo, had relied on the charge sheet number before the case was registered in court and numbered. Orengo successfully applied for an adjournment until this morning. Two of the JSC members, Prof Tom Ojienda and Mercy Deche, who represent the Law Society of Kenya (LSK), left the building at 1.25pm. “I have no comment at all. It was a normal meeting,” Ojienda told journalists. Later at 3pm, High Court Judge Aggrey Muchelule strode from the building and said: “We were discussing normal JSC matters.” And later in the afternoon, Mwilu’s co-accused, Stanley Muluvi Kiima moved to the High Court seeking that orders issued in Mwilu’s favour, staying a criminal case before a Magistrate’s court, should also apply to him.	government
Finding Happiness	The latest research in the science of well-being so you can maintain the good life. This weeks happy news has a helpful 10-year-old, a nice gesture from a football team, a skilled autistic builder and 10 things to help you laugh. Connect With Us It makes us happy to hear from you. Want More From Live Happy? Get happy news, tips and things that make you smile delivered to your inbox. 	evergreen
Six Flags is adding its 17th roller coaster, and it will break three records 	Always looking to up the ante, Six Flags Great America announced it's adding another roller coaster in 2019. This one, called Maxx Force, will break three records: fastest acceleration in North America, tallest double inversion in the world, fastest inversion in the world. Park president Hank Salemi said in a press release "No other coaster in the country accelerates at that blistering speed." SPECIAL OFFER: Subscribe today for $1 for 3 months Blistering is right. The park said Maxx Force will go from 0 mph to 78 mph in 2 seconds thanks to an air-powered launching system. The coaster spins riders upside-down at 60 mph. And the double inversion happens 175 feet in the air. Yep, this ride is for thrill seekers. Maxx Force will be the Gurnee, Ill., park's 17th roller coaster when it opens next year. Today's Best from Entertainment: 26 shows to see during Milwaukee's fall 2018 performing arts season After just 2 years as a tattoo artist, Jennifer Love showcases her fantastical designs on 'Ink Master' Things to do in Milwaukee this weekend, from Mexican Fiesta to the Bucks arena block party SUPPORT JOURNALISM: Become a subscriber today and get a special offer AdChoices 1 2 3 4 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool More from Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel Milwaukee musicians putting together Aretha Franklin tribute concert for Sept. 9 Leah Vukmir 'thrilled' to have support of Donald Trump and Mike Pence before vice president's fundraiser 48 movies coming to Milwaukee this fall (and 11 more we hope are) Visit site 	manufacture
10 Things to Know for Today	Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today: 1. D.C.’S FAREWELL TO ITS MAVERICK It’s Washington’s turn to say goodbye to the late Sen. John McCain, who will lie in state under the U.S. Capitol rotunda Friday for a ceremony and public visitation. President Trump has been asked to stay away from all events. 2. WHO’S WORRIED ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S POTENTIAL LEGAL BATTLES There is growing concern among Trump allies that the brain drain at the center of the administration could hardly come at a more perilous time. 3. MOTOR CITY’S FINAL GOODBYE TO QUEEN OF SOUL Former President Bill Clinton, the Rev. Jesse Jackson, Smokey Robinson, Steve Wonder, Ariana Grande, Jennifer Hudson, Chaka Khan and others will be the all-star speakers and performers at Aretha Franklin’s funeral in Detroit. 4. “MAY THEY LEAVE THE SHELTERS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE...THEY ARE THE MOST VULNERABLE.” Three minors from El Salvador separated from their parents after crossing the U.S. border were sexually abused in shelters in Arizona, Salvadoran officials say. 5. AS MODERN GIANTS PASS AWAY, HISTORY SEEMS TO BE REPEATING Fifty years after the cataclysmic year of 1968, when John McCain and Aretha Franklin were among the emblems of the era, we are in a similar period of upheaval and polarization. 6. WHOSE INFLUENCE MAY GROW IN UPPER CHAMBER John McCain is being remembered as a last lion of the Senate, but the next generation of mavericks might come from the ranks of Senate women. 7. OCEAN GRASS IS PART EXPERIMENTAL MENU FOR BOVINES Researchers are feeding seaweed to dairy cows in an attempt to make cattle more climate-friendly, hoping to reduce their emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas. 8. “WHO AM I SPYING FOR?” So shouted an Australian filmmaker who has been convicted of spying and sentenced to 6 years in prison in Cambodia for flying a drone over a political rally last year. 9. BATTLING FAKE NEWS AHEAD OF PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS A consortium of news organizations in Brazil is working to debunk rumors and misinformation circulating on WhatsApp, a wildly popular messaging service that is difficult to police because users share messages privately 10. WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM THE REF Nick Kyrgios was losing big at the U.S. Open but turned the match around after the chair umpire spoke with the 30th-seeded Australian during break between games, saying, among other things, “I want to help you.” Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.	evergreen
How long should #MeToo purgatory last? 	Comedian Louis C.K. and former 'Today' show host Matt Lauer attempting comebacks? Raymond Arroyo shares 'Seen and Unseen' cultural stories for 'The Ingraham Angle.' FOX News Channel (FNC) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. The number one network in cable, FNC has been the most watched television news channel for more than 16 years and according to a Suffolk University/USA Today poll, is the most trusted television news source in the country. Owned by 21st Century Fox, FNC is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre. Subscribe to Fox News! https://bit.ly/2vBUvAS Watch more Fox News Video: http://video.foxnews.com Watch Fox News Channel Live: http://www.foxnewsgo.com/ Watch full episodes of your favorite shows The Five: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... Special Report with Bret Baier: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... The Story with Martha Maccallum: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... Tucker Carlson Tonight http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... 	null
The Four Keys to Mindful Parenting	We know we’re supposed to feel excited about the kids in our lives starting a new school year—and we are—but there’s also a specific kind of stress that seems to set in right about now. We’ve yet to find a school supply that can cure it (we’re still looking), but a mental reset from psychotherapist Jennifer Freed really helps. Freed is the executive director of AHA!, an educational program that’s designed to build peace in schools and communities. Perhaps not surprisingly, it all starts at home. And according to Freed, there are only four conditions you need to create a positive mental and emotional home environment that can hold up for the whole school year and through every parenting challenge. Katy is sobbing as she says goodbye to her summer friends. She feels worried about the coming school year and how she will fit in with her new buzz cut. On top of a challenging school schedule for his junior year, Sam has to work to help his family. His parents have been fighting a lot at home, and he feels immense pressure to do well enough to get a scholarship so that he can go to college. Zander has just come out as nonbinary. They are terrified that they will be bullied for this at school. Last year at Sarah’s high school, numerous cyberthreats closed down the campus and led to a terrifying lockdown and fears of an active shooter. She is not feeling confident in her school’s leadership because they handled the incidents so poorly. Will they be able to keep her and her classmates safe? For families with school-age children, it’s time to jump into the new school year. Today, there’s much more to school readiness than shopping for fall school clothing and supplies. Young people’s lives have become so much more complicated, and the stakes seem to grow ever higher around academic performance and achievement. In addition to emotional and social stresses, today’s students can expect to take part in active shooter drills and conversations about what to do if someone shows up on campus with a gun. News stories about school violence are constantly at kids’ fingertips, and parents and teachers are exposed to these same fears and concerns every day of the school year. Many overwhelmed and overworked teachers wrestle with poor morale, and anxious parents can contribute to the fears of their children. When we are not able to draw on emotional balance and a positive mental attitude, we are in our reactive brains, which operate in fight, flight, or freeze. These reptilian responses can generate despair, panic, and even violence when not properly addressed. Scared student brains cannot learn well. Suicidal gestures may be contagious among impressionable young people. Some youth may turn to drugs, alcohol, and vaping to try to tamp down stress. Obviously, this is not helpful to brain development—especially for young people between the ages of twelve and twenty-four. It’s time to make conversations about mental and emotional safety a permanent part of the back-to-school to-do list. The good news is that we have unprecedented access to a great variety of methods and evidence-proven techniques for calming ourselves, managing emotions, creating a positive mind-set, and peacefully resolving interpersonal conflicts. The emotional and mental safety of our children starts at home. From there, it is greatly influenced by teachers, peers, and school climates. Four conditions can create a positive mental and emotional climate at home and in the community: 1. Authentic, transparent, and emotionally vulnerable communication, especially from authority figures. How we speak to young people greatly affects how they speak to us. Every time we speak in their presence, we model either healthy or unhealthy communication habits. Adopt a dedicated practice of recognizing your own emotions and needs and speaking about them clearly without casting yourself as a victim or aggressor. This inspires kids to feel connected to and care about those adults and to emulate this kind of skillful communication. A few examples of this kind of communication: “I” statements: Rather than “You are so lazy! You never do what I say,” say, “I felt angry when you did not complete the chore I asked you to do. I would like you to complete the chore by 5 p.m. and also pick up your room to restore my trust.” Rather than “You are so loud! I can’t think!” say, “I’m having a hard day and feeling discouraged at work. I need a little time to gather myself before I can play with you or help you with homework.” Strategic appreciations: Social-emotional theorist Jennifer Buffett coined the phrase “everyone needs to feel safe, seen, and celebrated.” When we make a point of seeing and commenting on people’s essence and effort—rather than things they have done or achieved—that is when they truly blossom. It is much more impactful to steer people toward their strengths and capacities than to whittle away at their confidence by pointing out flaws and insufficiencies. Let’s say fourteen-year-old Jackie comes home and goes right upstairs to do her math homework without any prompting. Later on, Mom says, “Hey Jackie, I noticed that you went to do your homework right away when you got home from school. That impressed me.” Or if Eden brings her friend Val, who is upset about something, home from school, Dad might say to Eden that night, “Honey, I was so moved by the kind way you sat quietly with Val while she was crying.” If every day is filled with little strategic appreciations for essence or effort, kids bend toward their best selves. A “yes, and…” mind-set: Most kids and adults are trained to scan for what’s wrong and how to fix it, because that ability is what has allowed humans to survive. The biological imperative of survival still guides much of our decision-making and the ways we perceive the world. But this damage control perspective is often not actually required for survival. How can we welcome all possibilities in a moment where we might otherwise have scanned for danger? “It’s usually about communicating an acknowledgement of your kid’s perspective…and then enrolling them in a compromise where they feel validated and understood.” When a child asks to stay up later than their bedtime, the old mind-set might have gone something like this: But what if she doesn’t get enough sleep? She might get sick. She might be too tired to do well in school, and then she won’ t get in to the college of her choice. She might keep ME up too late. She might never want to go to bed on time again! If you’re like most folks, you can go on and on with the catastrophic and irritating possibilities that bring up the NO. What if, instead, you said, “Yes, that is a great idea, because you are really on a roll…and you have an early start tomorrow. So let’s save that late night for the weekend!” Note that this approach to embracing possibilities and positivity does not entail saying yes to everything. Any parent knows the mayhem and chaos this would create. It’s usually about communicating an acknowledgement of your kid’s perspective…and then enrolling them in a compromise where they feel validated and understood. Another example: When your teen asks if they can get a cool tattoo, you might reply, “Yes! I see how cool that would be for you. I really appreciate your artistic vision…and I need you to wait until you’re eighteen to make such a big, permanent decision.” If your child has been caught cheating on a test at school and starts ranting about how everyone does it and how unfair it is that no one else got caught, you might reply, “Yes! It really is unfair that others are not held accountable, and that you were singled out. It must feel like you are being punished for everyone. And…it is most important that we look at your decision to cheat and how you made it, so you can learn from this mistake.” 2. Permission to fail fast and recover—and knowledge about how to repair mistakes. People who grow up to do great things are not afraid of making mistakes and learning from them. In order for us to feel mentally and emotionally safe, we need to be in learning climates of experimentation and positive risk-taking, and we need a clear pathway to recovery from mistakes. Instead of stressing perfection for ourselves or our children, we need to emphasize integrity, creativity, and resiliency: to give them a way to reach for the stars with ideas and inventiveness and to crash well to the ground and recalibrate. In the process, we can maintain the precious connection that allows the child not to push back or ignore our guidance but to welcome it and integrate it into their own perspectives. As parents, it can be so hard to allow our children to risk and fail, as seeing them suffer the pain of embarrassment, shame, or guilt can feel unbearable. That’s where we need to work on ourselves: to be more aware of our own emotional reactions in these situations and to separate them out from what’s best for the resilience and courage of the child. In the moments of supporting the child directly, it is important to acknowledge and empathize with their tough feelings. We can care for our own emotions on our own time with the support of trusted adult confidants or through therapy. Let’s say Suzi decides she is going to do an improv comedy routine to run for class president, and it bombs. A great response is: “Yes! I see how hard this is for you. Ugh! And…way to go. No one else tried something so gutsy. Take a while to nurse your wounds, and then let’s figure out how it could have gone better. I am so proud of you for taking the risk.” “That’s where we need to work on ourselves: to be more aware of our own emotional reactions in these situations and to separate them out from what’s best for the resilience and courage of the child.” Sometimes it’s on the adult to acknowledge wrongdoing to the child. This is an opportunity to model failing fast and repairing in earnest. Let’s say you lost it with your kid because you had a hard day and they didn’t pick up their room. You said some nasty things and raised your voice. You know that your reaction was out of proportion. Later, you might say to them, “It was not okay how I spoke to you earlier. My words were unkind and my tone was harsh and unreasonable. I was mad about the room, but how I handled it was inexcusable. How can I make it up to you that I spoke to you in that way?” Saying a simple “I’m sorry” does not really address the harm we have caused another. When we sincerely take accountability for our behavior without justifications or excuses and get right to their impact and how we can make things right, then we actually offer a way to restore the integrity of the relationship and give back some of the energy we have taken. The steps to repair are simple: I take full accountability for… My behavior must have felt like… [I don’t care, I don’t love you, I don’t respect you, I don’t value you…] How can I make it up to you? The person harmed gets to come up with a reasonable way to restore integrity. The repair must be agreed on by both parties and have an actual deadline. Its success needs to be measurable: For example, the parent might agree to clean the child’s room for them on one occasion. 3. Many available recovery options when feeling horrible. The worst thing we can do to ourselves or our children is pretend that life is always great or should be. Everyone feels horrible sometimes. None of us should ever be ashamed or be shamed for having a hard time. Showing people how we really feel and being able to talk through difficulties is one of the hallmarks of true inner strength. When we, as adults, hide our feelings by pretending or posing, or encourage our children to do the same, we teach them to not trust what they feel or what they sense. Everyone knows how bad it feels when someone is telling us that everything is fine and we know it isn’t true. In this web of avoidance, we become isolated from one another. Emotional isolation is one of the highest predictors of despair and self-harm. “The worst thing we can do to ourselves or our children is pretend that life is always great or should be.” Needing others is not a weakness; it is a fact of life. Adults should be leaders in admitting they need help. When we recognize that we are under-resourced and seek assistance, we demonstrate to our children that it is okay to reach out. The healthiest people I know have a solid list of friends and practitioners they can call upon when they fall down. Young people are even more susceptible to sinking because their logical brains are not fully developed until their twenties. When they feel down, they have a hard time remembering that this, too, shall pass. Use this mental and emotional reset list with your child to find resources during trying times. It was developed with the help of young people who shared what helped them the most when they were going through a hard time. When you or a friend are in a bad headspace or heartspace, remember: All feelings are okay. Releasing them in a healthy way is key. There is nothing wrong with you because you feel this way. Even this horrible, unbearable emotional distress will pass with time. When you feel hate, create: Art, music, writing, dance, and theater are ways to express your pain and move it out of yourself. Extreme feelings are a sign that you need help. Get the help you need instead of acting out or hurting yourself—even if you don’t want to. Connection is key. Seeking out positive people who love life to talk to can help turn things around. Vigorous exercise can help lift a dark mood. When supporting others, listen well. Show you care. Don’t lecture. Kindness is more effective than judgment. Ask for this treatment when you need support. The greatest people on the planet have all gone through horrible times. Don’t give up. How you feel right now, in this moment, does not predict your future. 4. Guidance and modeling for resetting a negative attitude. Attitude determines everything. We know that when we are in a doomsday state of mind, we see everything as going to rot. When we first fall in love, we see the world like a Disney movie full of singing birds and flowers. When we feel scared and lacking in confidence, the whole world looks like a dangerous minefield. When we have been badly hurt by someone, we anticipate all the ways they will hurt us again and forget all the ways they have loved us. Stuckness in a perspective founded in fear can stay with us only as long as we maintain the attitude that got us there. It follows that the most important emotional and mental muscle we can build and help our children build is the attitude reset. Attitude comes from the narrative we are speaking or holding. In this world of constant input—much of it fear-based and sensational negativity—it is hard not to spin toward a critical or limiting attitude. And energy follows thought. If I say to myself or others, “I could NEVER run two miles,” I’m going to be right about that. If I say, “I don’t know how yet, but I know with help, I can run two miles,” then that becomes true. If my child says, “No one likes me!” instead of saying, “That’s not true,” I can say, “Tell me about that. How did you get there? Let’s work on how you think about people and how you think about yourself for a bit.” Where you might arrive in that conversation: the child recognizing that their internal story about people not liking them is more about thoughts they are having about themselves. “Stuckness in a perspective founded in fear can stay with us only as long as we maintain the attitude that got us there.” If I tell others I am “so scared about Noah taking his first camping trip without me!” I stay in fear and enlist others in my worry and concern. I can shift that to excitement, as fear and excitement are almost the same physical state of heightened arousal. Excitement includes more breath and anticipates an adventure instead of a disaster. I can take a few deep breaths into those body sensations I’ve labeled as fear and then say, “I’m so excited for Noah to be taking his first camping trip without me!” This inspires others to ask more about the possibilities of his adventure and less about the bears that may eat him. The quickest way to a positive attitude reset is with proactive words and vocabulary. Move away from: “Don’t be so down on yourself. You only messed up with your friend once. Other people screw up a lot more than you.” Move toward: “Your mistake was a good one. Your feelings now are showing you how much you really care about your friend and want to make things right. Your remorse is a sign of what a good person you are.” Move away from: “You’re not practicing enough to be good at this. You’ll never get there the way you are going. Don’t be a quitter!” Move toward: “I see that you are working on this and I know you have what it takes to get this done. I want to support you in making the type of effort that can get you get the results you want. How can I help?” Positive words belie positive intent and possible success. And…it takes considerable retraining to reframe our narratives with these types of words. Be patient with yourself. Consider it an ongoing practice. Notice when you go to negative narratives. Say out loud that you want to revise, and struggle and play with rewording things in a more positive attitude space. This influences the way others feel around us, and it retrains our brains to see life from a resilient and resourceful place. If you practice these four conditions on a daily basis within your family and friend groups and encourage programs with these conditions in your school, you will be doing a great deal for campus safety and the well-being of your child. You’ll be promoting a sense of being safe, seen, and celebrated, of people looking out for one another and taking great joy and pride in being linked together. These are the best tools for not only higher learning but better living. These are suggested daily practices for enhanced emotional and mental safety in school and at home. They take little time and can quickly inspire a positive mind-set—a reminder of how essential a self-care regimen is to overall well-being. Each day, before anything else is said, state or write down three things that you’re grateful for. Take three minutes a day to practice mindfulness with others: Follow the breath in the nose or in the belly. Notice any straying of the mind and bring attention back to the breath. Scribble on a piece of scrap paper, drawing shapes and lines. Listen quietly together to a soothing piece of music. Free-write as a mental cleanse. Every day, have a set time to check in. Sit together and, one at a time, share both a thorn (something that is difficult that day) and a rose (something going well). Check in daily with your important people about self-care. Each person gives a self-care rating between one and five. A self-rating of five means you are doing all of the self-care practices listed below; three means you are doing half of them; and one means you are doing none. If your number is low, look to increase your self-care by: Exercising daily. Sleeping eight hours a night. Engaging in some form of quiet reflection in nature or with a spiritual emphasis—without a device. Consuming foods and drinks that are healthy for the body. Taking some time for your own creative expression. Naming and taming your emotions. Having a positive mind-set and/or getting help to have a better one. Jennifer Freed, Ph.D., is a national trainer for parents, teachers, and students in social and emotional learning. She is the executive director of AHA!, which is dedicated to uplifting the lives of all teenagers and families. Freed is also a psychological astrologer; you can reach her at drjenfreed@gmail.com. By providing your mobile number above you agree to periodic recurring autodialed marketing text messages from goop to the mobile number provided. Consent is not required to purchase goods or services. Text STOP to end, HELP for help to 23955. Msg&DataRatesMayApply. Web terms and conditions. Privacy and cookie policy. 	evergreen
Exhibition at Museum Ludwig presents photographs from Diane Arbus to Piet Zwart	COLOGNE.-Diane Arbus, Boris Becker, Karl Blossfeldt, Walker Evans, Lee Friedlander, Candida Höfer, Gabriele and Helmut Nothhelfer, Tata Ronkholz, Albert Renger-Patzsch, August Sander, Hugo and Karl Hugo Schmölz, Garry Winogrand, Piet Zwart—across generations, all these photographers continually followed themes over decades in their work. In the case of Sander, these series formed an atlas of People of the Twentieth Century, while Höfer has created an archive of public spaces and their codes of representation, and Blossfeldt catalogued the formal variety of fauna and flora. “Straight photography” brought together the varying reception of photography as artistic and documentary in a particular way. This survey exhibition presents the mutual influence between German and American positions in the dense cultural landscape of the Rhineland from the 1960s to the 1990s. This is where the first photography galleries were located in the 1970s, which were enthusiastic supporters of August Sander, Florence Henri, Piet Zwart, and Karl Blossfeldt, as well as American photographers in the 1960s such as Walker Evans, Diane Arbus, Lee Friedlander, and Garry Winogrand, and popularized them by continually engaging with the public. At the same time, Bernd and Hilla Becher were highly influential through their teaching at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf. And, not least, important solo and group exhibitions had a lasting impact on the reception. In the 1950s, L. Fritz Gruber showed August Sander in the Photokina photography shows. In 1976 the Kunsthalle Düsseldorf exhibited photographs by Walker Evans, and around the same time Klaus Honnef curated important group exhibitions of documentary photography at the Rheinisches Landesmuseum in Bonn. This documentary and artistic approach is presented and questioned in Doing the Document. Walker Evans did not describe his photographs as documentary, but spoke of a “documentary style.” In 1967 the Museum of Modern Art in New York showed works by Arbus, Friedlander, and Winogrand, all of whom are represented here, under the title “New Documents.” Where does the document end and the artistic gesture begin? This is a question that has always been debated in the history of photography and must also be renegotiated today in these post-factual times amid the increasing aestheticization of archival and documentary materials in contemporary art. The exhibition title Doing the Document deliberately dispenses with the supposed opposition between the creative and the documentary in order to explore the oft-cited “crisis of representation” in the work of twenty photographers and their reception. This exhibition is the result of a donation of more than 200 works by German and American photographers from the Bartenbach family in Cologne, which recently expanded the collection of the Museum Ludwig substantially. In addition to valuable groups of photographs ranging from the early twentieth century to the present, the Bartenbach Collection also contains source materials that will undergo a scholarly review for the first time as part of the exhibition. Along with the historical review of the collection, the donors will also be recognized. The collectors’ commitment is characterized in particular by the fact that, rather than focusing on selecting individual photographs, they compiled rich and varied collections of works by individual, internationally renowned artists. Their interest in the work of selected photographers is reflected in extensive series of works that highlight the wide-ranging facets of individual artists. The donation is an outstanding addition to the photography collection at the Museum Ludwig, since it fills gaps as well as strengthens and expands existing focuses. This will be presented in detail in the German-English publication, while the exhibition focuses entirely on the donation. The exhibition received generous support from the Landschaftsverband Rheinland and Sparkasse KölnBonn from the PS-Zweckertrag der Lotterie des Rheinischen Sparkassen- und Giroverbandes PS Sparen und Gewinnen. 	arts
WEST SIDE STORY Comes to Town Theatre	Town Theatre opens its centennial season with the classic production West Side Story - one of the most powerful love stories of all time. Beautiful melodies like "Tonight," "Maria" and "Somewhere" are juxtaposed with fierce and fiery dancing in "America" and The Dance at the Gym. Town's production coincides with the 100th birthday of Jerome Robbins, director/choreographer of the original Broadway production of the show. The show runs Sept. 14-30 with an 8 PM curtains on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays and 3 PM curtain on Sundays. The show is directed by David Swicegood, with music direction by Michael Simmons and choreography by Joy Alexander. Costumes will be provided by Lauren Smith with technical and lighting design by Danny Harrington. Tickets are $25 for adults, $20 for seniors 65+/active duty military/ full-time college and $15 for youth 17 and under. Group rates are available for 20 or more. Tickets can be purchased online beginning Sept. 7 at towntheatre.com or by calling the box office at 803-799-2510. Box office hours are Monday through Friday, 12 noon - 5 PM. West Side Story is sponsored by Clayton Design and Synovus.	arts
Global Furniture Market 2018 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2023	Furniture refers to movable objects intended to support various human activities such as seating (e.g., chairs, stools, and sofas), eating (tables), and sleeping (e.g., beds). Furniture is also used to hold objects at a convenient height for work (as horizontal surfaces above the ground, such as tables and desks), or to store things (e.g., cupboards and shelves). Furniture can be a product of design and is considered a form of decorative art. In addition to furniture's functional role, it can serve a symbolic or religious purpose. It can be made from many materials, including metal, plastic, and wood. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Furniture in global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. The home furniture segment accounts for the largest revenue share due to the evolution of flat-pack and RTA furniture. To cater to the rising demand, the vendors in the market are focusing on manufacturing flat-pack furniture for medium-price segments and solid wood furniture targeted at the high-end market. This market study estimates that in terms of geographic regions, APAC will be the major revenue contributor to the market. This is mainly due to the increasing spending capacity of the end users. Additionally, the growth of the developing countries in the region that will stimulate the demand for modern furniture, will also fuel the markets growth prospects. The worldwide market for Furniture is expected to grow at a CAGR of roughly xx% over the next five years, will reach xx million US$ in 2023, from xx million US$ in 2017, according to a new GIR (Global Info Research) study. Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Furniture, with sales, revenue, and price of Furniture, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Furniture, for each region, from 2013 to 2018; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the market by countries, by type, by application and by manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2013 to 2018; Chapter 12, Furniture market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2018 to 2023; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Furniture sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source	manufacture
Kevin Spacey deserves a second chance, says former 'House of Cards' co-star Robin Wright	When asked about a potential career comeback for the Oscar-winning actor, Wright, 52, told the Porter Edit, “I don’t know how to comment on that, I really don’t. I believe every human being has the ability to reform … In that sense, second chances, or whatever you are going to call it – absolutely, I believe in that. It’s called growth.” Wright said she hasn’t heard from Spacey, 59, since the scandal broke, but that if he wanted to speak to her, he could reach out to her when he was ready. “I feel sorry for anybody whose life is in the public arena. It’s a nightmare, can you imagine? We do a job, we share [a performance] with viewers. Why does our private life have to be public? I hate that part of this industry,” she fumed. “It’s so invasive. I believe everyone’s personal life should be personal. "Positive, negative, neutral, whatever – I don’t believe it should be anybody’s business. But I’m not talking about [the #MeToo] movement – I’m talking about media. The exposure. It’s an awful feeling. A stranger deciding they know who you are … I mean, it’s criminal, it really is.” “Star Trek: Discovery” actor Anthony Rapp was the first to publicly accuse Spacey of sexual misconduct, alleging that the “American Beauty” star attempted to seduce him when they starred in a Broadway production together in 1986 – when Rapp was just 14 years old. Spacey claimed to not recall the incident, but used the opportunity to come out as gay, a move that GLAAD slammed as a deflection from his sexual assault accusations. Several more allegations followed, with sexual assault investigations opening in Los Angeles and London, where one theater reportedly received 20 complaints about his conduct. Spacey has since sought unspecified treatment, was written out of the upcoming final season of “House of Cards” and recast in “All the Money in the World.” He has maintained his innocence of all sexual misconduct allegations. As for “House of Cards” ending, Wright says she was determined not to let Spacey’s conduct taint the series and ruin the lives of everyone else involved in the Netflix juggernaut’s creation. She admitted it came “very, very close” to cancellation when Spacey’s alleged behavior came to light, leaving a sense of “shock and fear” on the set and the cast and crew worried about losing their livelihoods. “Because of the climate at that time,” she explained. “The air was thick, you know. Harvey Weinstein … People were [saying], ‘We have to shut everything down or otherwise it will look like we are glorifying and honoring this thing that’s dirty.’ ” “Our show’s not dirty! I believed we should finish. I believed we should honor our commitment. To the people that loved the show, also,” she continued. “Why quit? They printed that it was ‘only’ 600 people out of work, but if you include security, cops, shooting on location in Baltimore, everything, 2,500 people would have been out of a job. And that’s not fair – to take that security away from those people.” Wright previously said of Spacey that she “didn’t know the man,” only the actor, explaining, “We were co-workers really, we didn’t socialize outside of work. We had a respectful, professional relationship. He was so great with me. He was never disrespectful to me. That’s my personal experience. That’s the only thing that I feel I have the right to talk about.”	arts
Tropical Wave Could Mean A Wet & Windy Holiday Weekend For South Florida	Gross Value Added (GVA) for the given quarter rose by 8 percent as against 5.6 percent in the same quarter of a year ago . The country's gross domestic product grew 8.2% in the quarter ended June , according to official data released Friday. 	null
Packaging Tubes Market in-Depth Analysis with Booming Trends Analyzed for the Period 2018-2028	Albany, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 08/30/2018 -- Nowadays, growing adoption of packaging tubes by food, home and personal care, commercial, and other end-use industries is playing an important part in increasing the demand for packaging tubes in coming years. To elaborate further, Market Research Hub (MRH) has publicized a study titled "Packaging Tubes Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013 - 2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018 – 2028" to its online repository, which enumerates the implications of ongoing developments on the growth of packaging tubes market. The business intelligence study offers in-depth analysis on the packaging tubes market with a prime focus on regions including North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (MEA) and APEJ. As per the study evaluations, the global sales of packaging tubes is projected to be valued at over US$ 2.5 Bn by 2018 end, which may possibly reach US$ 4.5 Bn by the end of 2028. Rising at this pace, the global packaging tubes market is expected to expand at a promising CAGR of 5.4%, during the forecast period of 2018-2028. Request For Sample Report: https://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1877940 In order to provide comprehensive view of the market, the business intelligence study offers segment-wise forecast. The market has been segmented by product type, capacity, closure and end-use. By product type, the study covers Laminated Tubes, Aluminum Barrier, Plastic Barrier, Aluminum Tubes and Plastic Tubes. It is well-known that consumers are moving away from rigid packaging formats such as plastic and aluminium-based packaging tubes. Also, they are more inclined towards laminated tube packaging, which is expected to push the performance of laminated tubes in the packaging tubes market in next few years. In terms of product type, Aluminum tubes are highly preferred for packaging of pharmaceutical ointments with fez caps due to high barrier properties and bio-degradable nature. The market is also trending with tubes made up of plastic barrier laminates with EVOH and polyamide, which instruct them the see-through functionality in multilayer structures. At last, a competitive landscape analysis is presented based on relative positioning of the market participants in the global packaging tubes market. Key players active in the global Packaging Tubes Market are Albea S.A., Tubapack A.S., Perfektup Ambalaj San. Ve Tic. A.S., Essel Propack Ltd., CCL Industries Inc., Berry Global Group Inc., Ctl-Th Packaging SI, Linhardt GmbH & Co. KG, Hoffmann Neopac AG, Interapac International Corporation, Montebello Packaging, Huhtamaki Oyj, Plastube Inc., Pack-Tubes, Burhani Group of Industries, Norway Pack A.S., Alltub Group, Tubopress Italia SpA, Lajovic Tuba D.O.O and Pirlo GmbH & Co. KG. Based on the insights summarized in the report, market leaders as well as new market players can make precise analysis and core investment decisions that can drive profit. Browse Full Report with TOC- https://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/packaging-tubes-market-proliferating-demand-for-laminated-tubes-to-soon-outstrip-plastic-and-aluminum-tubes-global-industry-analysis-2013-2017-and-opportunity-assessment-2018-2028-report.html About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH's expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. 	manufacture
Great White Washes Up on Beach Near Where SUNY Professor Was Attacked by Shark	William Lytton, a 61-year-old from Scarsdale who suffered "deep puncture wounds" in the attack, was recently released from the hospital, a Tufts spokesman said Monday The 61-year-old SUNY professor bitten by a shark while standing in the water just 30 yards off a Cape Cod beach earlier this month has been released from the hospital, a spokesman said Monday, days after a great white shark washed up on the beach near where he had been swimming when he was attacked. The great white that washed up on a beach in Truro last week was about 9 feet long and was said to be a male; a necropsy will be conducted to determine how it died. It's still not clear what kind of shark attacked William Lytton, but Massachusetts' leading shark expert has been looking into whether his wounds were consistent with a bite from a great white. The SUNY Downtown professor from Scarsdale, New York, suffered "deep puncture wounds" to his torso and leg in the attack near Long Nook Beach Aug. 15. A spokesman for Tufts Medical Center in Boston said Monday that Lytton had been recently released, but that person couldn't say when Lytton left or whether he was transferred to another facility or sent home, citing patient privacy laws. Lytton had been in serious condition for days following the attack. He was the first person to be attacked by any kind of shark in Massachusetts waters since 2012. It's not clear if anyone saw the creature before the attack. A group of nursing graduate students were at the beach at the time of the attack and stepped in to help the bitten man until emergency crews arrived. "We just kind of gave him towels, wrapped his leg up because there was clearly a shark bite there," said Molly Tobin, one of the grads. "A bunch of people helped with carrying him down the beach." There have been a number of close encounters in recent weeks, with sharks leaping out of the water after fishing lines and one even jumping at a shark scientist who was on a research boat. There have been 10 great white shark sightings in the last week or so, and more than 60 over the last month off Cape Cod, according to the Sharktivity app. 	null
GeForce RTX 2080 3DMark Time Spy Benchmark Leak Approaches Titan Xp Performance 	NVIDIA's message when unveiling its GeForce RTX series of graphics card was crystal clear—the era of gaming with real-time ray tracing has arrived, at least on the hardware and API side, with content to follow. That's all well and good, but the big question that is yet be answered is, how well do the new cards perform compared to Pascal? A new 3DMark entry might provide a partial answer. What appears to be a GeForce RTX 2080 or GeForce RTX 2070 graphics card has made another appearance in 3DMark, and specifically the DirectX 12-based Time Spy test. It's not entirely clear which of those cards it is, as the entry lists it as having 8GB of memory and a 7,000MHz memory clock, specs that are the same both models. RTX 2080? ( NVIDIA Graphics Device 8GB ) Time Spy Gpu Score 10,030https://t.co/wqRn8tt5QE — APISAK (@TUM_APISAK) August 28, 2018 Looking the performance numbers, we lean toward it being a GeForce RTX 2080, if the entry is in fact legitimate (it's not that difficult to spoof these sort of things, so keep that in mind). The card posted a Graphics score of 10,030. That's roughly on par with a mighty Titan Xp, and a good clip faster than a GeForce GTX 1080 Ti. We plotted the score alongside our own collection of Time Spy benchmarks. Here's how the leaked GeForce RTX 2080 compares: Bear in mind that the testbeds are obviously different, and so are the collection of drivers between the GeForce RTX 2080 and our own benchmark runs. So, we can throw the overall 3DMark score right out the window. What's more interesting is the Graphics score. From the data we have been able to gather over the course of several reviews, the purported GeForce RTX 2080 tops them all, including the Titan Xp. It's also about 30 percent faster than an AMD Radeon RX Vega 64. If these numbers hold true when the actual reviews come out (ours included), it will be impressive stuff from NVIDIA's new generation of graphics cards. Bear in mind this is 'only' the GeForce RTX 2080—the GeForce RTX 2080 Ti figures to perform even better. Whether scores like this and the ray tracing benefits are enough to justify the price premium remains to be seen. However, this leaked benchmark run is certainly encouraging.	manufacture
Authorities identify mystery woman in Texas doorbell video	HOUSTON — Officials say they have identified the barefoot woman captured by surveillance cameras ringing doorbells at a number of Texas homes before vanishing into the night. Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office Lt. Scott Spencer said Wednesday that the woman is safe. He said they learned of her identity after finding a 49-year-old man — who had made suicidal threats and comments — dead during a welfare check. “The preliminary cause of death at this time is a single gunshot wound believed (to be) self-inflicted,” Spencer said. “The decedent’s girlfriend, a 32-year-old white female, who was not on scene when deputies arrived, is confirmed to be the female in the doorbell video that has been circulating around on the internet.” Spencer said the sheriff’s office is not identifying the woman because she is a family violence victim, adding only she is now with family. When asked about the nature of the family violence, Spencer said, “There’s some issues, obviously, with the surveillance video and why she’s wearing those restraints and the circumstances surrounding it. We only have one side of the story right now.” Spencer said the victim left a suicide note that helped identify the girlfriend and helped explain “some of the circumstances behind why this occurred,” adding the woman was living with the 49-year-old at the Sunrise Ranch home where the body was found. The grainy video, captured about 3:20 a.m. Friday, shows a woman walking up to a house and ringing the doorbell. She’s wearing a T-shirt, and appears to have some sort of shackle hanging from her right wrist. “We were dead asleep in our beds. My husband was woken up by doorbell ring. It rang probably 20 to 30 times,” one resident, who did not want to be named, told KPRC. “He walked outside, no one was in sight. It’s like she disappeared in thin air.” KPRC reported the same woman apparently visited at least five houses in the Sunrise Ranch neighborhood.	null
5 Personality Traits Happy People Share, According to Science	Are you happy? Only 33 percent of people would reply “yes” to that question, according to the 2017 Harris Poll Survey of American Happiness. Those results are perhaps unsurprising. We face more pressure now than ever before in our lives and careers. The world is an increasingly chaotic, noisy place. Most of all, happiness means different things to different people, and because of that, there are many paths to achieve it. While one person may thrive in a fast-paced, competitive environment, another person may value being able to do their work alone in solitude. While the “how” of happiness may vary between individuals, new research has found that there are a few personality traits that correlate strongly to better well-being. The study conducted by positive psychologists, Jessie Sun, Scott Barry Kaufman, and Luke D. Smillie, broke down the classic Big Five personality framework into more nuanced dimensions, which allowed them to paint a more specific picture of what contributes to well-being and happiness. In their results, they found five different “personal paths to well-being”: Sociable and expressive, enthusiastic love to laugh and have fun. They tend to have more positive emotions, self-acceptance, and purpose in life. This reflects in their happiness levels:  people high in enthusiasm report higher life satisfaction and stronger relationships. Everyone gets overwhelmed and turns inwards sometimes, but those low in withdrawal handle it more gracefully. They are lower in neuroticism, which means they experience less anxiety and aren’t as self-conscious. Put simply, they are more emotionally stable and less reactive to stress. Perfectionists and productivity lovers rejoice! According to this study, being high in elements of conscientiousness is a good thing. The propensity to think ahead, plan, work hard, and follow through are not only linked to high-achievement, but also a feeling of mastery and engagement in life. Thoughtful, empathic people can get ahead after all. People who are compassionate care about others’ well-being, and as a result, increase their own. So go ahead and spend some time today practicing gratitude or helping someone in your network. It’ll be well worth the time investment. Those who are intellectually curious love to solve complex problems, yet are open to new ideas. They reflect, think deeply, and challenge themselves to grow. Assertiveness and creative openness were two traits also predictive of certain aspects of well-being, but less so than the five above. Additionally, the study found that politeness, orderliness, and volatility were not at all predictive of well-being. Can any of these traits be acquired or developed? “Relax!” Kaufman says, “Personality can be changed. A large number of scientific studies are piling up now showing that interventions exist to change personality.” One place to start is getting control over negative thinking and emotions. You’re capable of more growth than you think. Melody Wilding, LMSW is a performance coach, licensed social worker, and has a Masters from Columbia. She helps established and rising managers and executives advance in their careers. Her clients work at companies like Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, HP, and Deloitte. She also helps entrepreneurs take bold steps to grow their businesses. Melody has helped over 10,000 smart, self-aware people like you. Her coaching gives you actionable strategies to reach your goals. You get concrete steps to overcome the complex struggles of success. Melody loves arming ambitious people with tools and tactics to boost their confidence. She can teach you skills for assertiveness and influence. Her specialties include better managing your emotions at work. Melody also teaches Human Behavior at CUNY Hunter College in NYC. She writes about psychology and careers for Inc., Forbes, Fast Company, and more. Click here and grab the FREE COURSE to go from insecure to unstoppable confidence 5 DAYS TO FREEDOM FROM SELF-DOUBT..	evergreen
Add 256GB of SanDisk USB 3.0 Flash Storage to your backpack for $50 via Amazon	Be sure to follow us on Twitter for the latest deals and more. Sign-up for our newsletters and have our best offers delivered to your inbox daily. Trevor Daugherty is the Senior Editor of 9to5Toys. Since joining in 2014, he’s specialized in product reviews, exclusive discounts and 9to5’s New Toy of the Day. Contact him direct at trevor@9to5mac.com.	null
Hurricane Lane Adds to a Wet Year for Big Island Farmers 	Credit OK Farms Hawaiʻi Island is still drying out from record-breaking rainfall it received during Hurricane Lane. But as HPR’s Kuʻuwehi Hiraishi reports prolonged wet weather could have a lasting impact on Big Island farmers. Big Island Farmer Troy Keolanui Talks Hurricane Lane Hurricane Lane’s timing could not have been worse for Big Island farmer Troy Keolanui - its smack dab in the middle of harvest season at OK Farms in Hilo. He and his wife ‘Ala grow coffee, macadamia nuts and tropical fruits on 900-acres along the Wailuku River. They also run a large mac nut farm in Kaʻū.  An aerial view of OK Farms. Wailuku River can be seen to the right of the farm. Credit Andrew Hara / OK Farms	null
Who Are You? Two Strategies Strong Leaders Use To Define Their Purpose	The world can be changed one person at a time, and it all starts with asking yourself one question: Who are you? It’s certainly easier said than done, but the impact is immeasurable when you take the steps to identify who you are and ultimately stand up for what you believe in with true conviction. I believe there are two ways for you to continually strengthen your ability to know who you are: 1. Practice emotional intelligence. 2. Get comfortable being uncomfortable. Practice Emotional Intelligence Growing up around hate, discrimination and immoral thoughts is the norm for many of us, but we all have the choice to accept or deny those beliefs. And those who choose the latter path are the ones who put themselves in the driver's seat of life. The strongest, most powerful leaders that I have the opportunity to work with understand exactly who they are and the purpose behind why they do what they do. For example, great leaders show up and consistently take the time to help you think through how to solve a problem or what to say when one of your accounts is giving you trouble. They always seem to have the answers and can help you step back and look at your situation through a different lens. Their ability to do this isn’t because they have perfect lives free of stressful situations. Instead, it's due to their immense emotional intelligence. Great leaders choose how they respond when they show up at the office or walk through your door, regardless of their current situation. Maybe they have outstanding accounts payable that are impacting their ability to cover payroll this week. Maybe the company just lost a major deal that hasn’t been announced. Maybe they are having personal issues at home and haven’t slept in days. Whatever it may be, they are choosing to show up and be present with you when they could choose to allow the noise around them to bring you down. They have the internal confidence to know how to respond. Having strong emotional intelligence takes practice just like anything else. And learning to know who you are isn’t something that happens overnight -- it comes with practice. This may seem simple, but here are three consistent questions to ask yourself to continually strengthen your own emotional intelligence. If you make yourself uncomfortable in your thoughts, you will become uncomfortable in your daily actions, and that is how you grow. A great way to immediately start practicing this is to think back to the last book you read. • What compelling takeaway did you learn that is way outside your comfort zone? • Did you implement that lesson? Why or why not? Every interaction, whether in person or through a book, is an opportunity to help you get to your next level. Taking the lessons learned from others' successes and applying those to your life pushes your limits. For example, I recently read a new book where the author discussed the concept of the “audacity to reach out.” This concept hit home for me and is a perfect example of how someone can get outside their comfort zone by simply having the audacity to reach out to someone new every day. Whether you’re prospecting for a new business venture, connecting with old friends or hunting for a new job, having the audacity to reach out is something that will help you learn more about who you are and what your capabilities are. Most people think there is a secret recipe for success when frankly, it really just comes from actions as simple as reaching out and asking. It’s a fantastic way to step outside of your comfort zone. You alone are writing your story one day at a time based on your belief system, which will ultimately inform your legacy and define the impact you have on this world. The compound effect of this daily journey of practicing emotional intelligence and constantly pressing past your comfort limits will have immeasurable results on your success and, most importantly, help you continually define who you are. 	evergreen
STLV Interviews: Part 2!	It’s another edition of Priority One’s podcast-y goodness straight from Star Trek Las Vegas! This week, they have interviews with Environment Artist Nick Duguid, Contest Designer Ryon Levitt, and Lead EU Artist Tim Davies – and even more importantly, interviews with Mary Wiseman and Andrew Robinson! On top of all of that, this podcast contains interviews with other trek luminaries, and the entire audio of our Victory is Life retrospective panel, guest starring Andrew Robinson, Aron Eisenberg, Chase Masterson and Max Grodenchik. It’s not to be missed.	null
John Stickley, Mentor, a Siemens Business	This is part seven in a series. Read part six here. When we talk about emulation, we usually talk about digital logic that is expressed in RTL form and then populates the gates in the emulator. And there&rsqu... 	evergreen
GREAT AGAIN: American Workers Report ‘HIGHEST JOB SATISFACTION’ Since 2005	The American economy continued to post massive gains under President Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress this week, with new data showing US workers have the “highest job satisfaction” rate since 2005. According to the Wall Street Journal, “more jobs and fewer layoffs” are encouraging companies to sweeten the deal for employees; increasing benefits and raising wages following the GOP-sponsored tax cuts. “Just more than half of U.S. workers—51%—said they were satisfied with their jobs in 2017, the highest level since 2005, according to a new report from The Conference Board, a business-research group,” writes the WSJ. “These are higher-skilled workers, managers, and they tend to have more control over their day-to-day work activities,” adds the survey. The strong economic data could spell disaster for Democrats heading into the 2018 midterm elections, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi vowing to repeal the “GOP tax scam” should her party retake control of Congress. Read the full report at the Wall Street Journal.	non-profit&civilorganization
£600,000 to improve these six toilet blocks in Norfolk 	Hundreds of thousands of pounds could be spent on places to spend a penny in the north of Norfolk, including rebuilding two facilities. AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Slide smoothly! Bring home Surface Mouse for only £44.99 Microsoft Price drop! Ultrathin, fast, and versatile Surface Pro 4, from £636.65 Microsoft ASUS Transformer Sig. Edition! The mighty Mini 2-in-1 PC with long battery life is here Microsoft 	construction
‘A national shame’: B.C. business groups slam ruling quashing Trans Mountain pipeline 	Start your 30-day Prime FREE trial now! Amazon AMAZON RENEWED! Like-new products with a warranty Amazon Looking for iPhone cases? Find out many options here! Amazon 	construction
US-Mexico 'Action Plan' Thinks Big, but Impact May Be Small 	The United States and Mexico have announced plans for renewed cooperation on combating Mexico-based drug trafficking groups. But although the proposed strategy sounds promising on paper, it may be difficult to implement. US and Mexican officials unveiled the “action plan” on August 15 in Chicago, one of the most important US markets for drug distribution. The promised measures are somewhat vague, including typical refrains like boosting “international investigations of high value Mexican Cartel targets” and increasing “judicialized operations relative to law enforcement investigations.” But the plan does include some fresh proposals, like creating “a new enforcement group focusing strictly on significant Mexican-based targets.” The announcement also highlighted the importance of disrupting crime groups’ financial operations. A DEA report last year said Mexican drug trafficking groups supply “the vast majority of illegal drugs” in Chicago, and blamed the drug trade for escalated levels of violence in both the United States and Mexico. InSight Crime Analysis Experts told InSight Crime that the new proposals are a positive sign of continued willingness to confront a serious problem. However, the plan’s lack of detail raised doubts about the feasibility of the approach. Eric Olson, a senior advisor to the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center think tank, cited the example of the promise to go after cartels’ money. “It’s good they are discussing ways to attack illicit financing, but it is not clear what these specific new measures would be,” Olson said. “A lot has already been tried in this area with limited effect.” See also: Coverage of the US-Mexico Border Security analyst Jaime López said the announcement appeared to represent a change in rhetoric rather than an actual policy shift. “More than a change in strategy, it’s a change in emphasis at the level of discourse — a way of responding to criticism that the strategy is centered on the use of force,” López said. Olson added that the enforcement-centric nature of the new plan doesn’t address some key drivers of violence and crime. “Law enforcement has a role to play in counternarcotics efforts but it is not the only weapon,” he said. “That has been the strategy in the past and to continue along this path is not likely to result in new success.” 	government
Ruling: Watertown Golf Club Sale Can Continue...For Now	The sale of the Watertown Golf Club can continue - at least for now. That was the ruling Friday in state Supreme Court. However, a lawsuit seeking to block the sale continues to wind its way through the legal system. Nicki Kogut, who owns about 9 percent of the shares in the golf course, disagrees with how the deal was handled. He filed the lawsuit earlier this month. "We were hoping the judge would stay the sale of the shares so we could get a better look at the records," said Kogut. A majority of shareholders agreed to pool their stock and sell it to local developer Mike Lundy back in July, disregarding a higher offer from developer P.J. Simao, who owns Ives Hill Country Club in Watertown. "We're very happy with the decision. Mike Lundy is gonna continue on with the sale and the major stockholders are very happy with the decision also," said Kelley Campbell, president of Watertown Golf Club. Lundy said he is also happy with Friday's decision. He added, "If anything, this was an attempted disruption. We're set to move forward." Kogut's lawyer, David Antonucci, has said they believe the sale should go to the highest bidder. Now Kogut and Antonucci are seeking financial records from the majority of shareholders. They said they believe the records will show some level of wrongdoing that will support their opposition to the sale. Campbell said he's confident the records won't show anything that will block the sale.	null
Kiewit Employee Honored in Constructech’s 2018 Women in Construction 	OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug 31, 2018--Suzanne Motica, director of product management in Kiewit’s Technology Group, was recognized as a leader in the construction industry as part of Constructech’s 2018 Women in Construction awards. The awards honor successful women in construction who are leading projects and driving technology for their companies. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180831005452/en/ Suzanne Motica, director of product management in Kiewit's Technology Group (Photo: Kiewit) Motica has been a major influence in Kiewit’s technology strategy and roadmap for new product development, along with enhancements to existing technology. She played a large role in the organization’s efforts to continuously improve technology, buying or building new solutions that help Kiewit deliver construction and engineering projects on time and on budget. Her 20 years of construction and engineering experience have allowed her to influence the technology strategy and drive solutions that will solve process gaps with technology. Motica has led numerous Kiewit technology deployments. Most recently, she directed the deployment of InEight solutions, industry-leading construction project management software that spans the entire project life cycle. Motica maintains a customer-focused approach to delivering the technology by involving stakeholder groups on and off project jobsites in the product development process. Recently, she joined the InEight team where she leads the professional services team. The 2018 Women in Construction award winners were honored at a reception that included a panel discussion about current challenges in the industry, featuring other top women in construction as the panelists. About KiewitKiewit is one of North America’s largest and most respected construction and engineering organizations. With its roots dating back to 1884, the employee-owned organization operates through a network of subsidiaries in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Kiewit offers construction and engineering services in a variety of markets including transportation; oil, gas and chemical; industrial; power; building; water/wastewater; and mining. Kiewit had 2017 revenues of $8.6 billion and employs 20,000 staff and craft employees. About InEightInEight combines proven technology with a unified vision, delivering actionable insights and project certainty to more than 25,000 customers and more than 750 companies. Built on a history of construction and engineering excellence, InEight solutions help companies visualize, estimate, manage, control and connect all aspects of capital and maintenance projects. With configurable, integrated and field-tested solutions, InEight customers have the visibility and control required for on-budget and on-time project completion. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona, U.S., InEight, an ISO 9001:2015-registered company, is a subsidiary of Kiewit Corporation (Kiewit). For more information, please visit ineight.com.	construction
Florida Roofing Company Faces Penalties For Exposing Employees to Fall and Other Safety Hazards	ST. Johns,FL(WorkersCompensation.com) – The U.S. Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has cited Coastal Roofing Inc. for exposing employees to fall and other hazards at a St. Johns, Florida, worksite. The Jacksonville-based roofing company faces $105,283 in proposed penalties. OSHA investigated the company as part of the Agency's Regional Emphasis Program on Falls in Construction. Coastal Roofing was cited for failing to ensure employees utilized a fall protection system. OSHA also cited the contractor for failing to ensure employees utilized eye protection and not extending a portable ladder 3 feet above the roof landing. OSHA cited the company for similar safety violations in January 2018. "The use of fall protection is not an option - it is a legal requirement that saves lives," said OSHA Jacksonville Acting Area Office Director Michelle Gonzalez. "This company's continued failure to comply with fall protection standards puts the lives of its employees at risk for serious or fatal injury." The company has 15 business days from receipt of the citations and proposed penalties to comply, request an informal conference with OSHA's area director, or contest the findings before the independent Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission. Under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, employers are responsible for providing safe and healthful workplaces for their employees. OSHA's role is to help ensure these conditions for America's working men and women by setting and enforcing standards, and providing training, education, and assistance. For more information, visit https://www.osha.gov. 	construction
VOLLEYBALL: Pair of late rallies push Dragons past Kays 	GRANT PARK — High school volleyball in Illinois is played to 25 points, and no one knew that better than Kankakee and Grant Park on Tuesday night. After going back-and-forth through the first 15 points of each set, the Dragons pulled away at the end of each, defeating the Kays 2-0 (25-18, 25-19), in what Dragons coach Nina Zalewski said was a true team effort. “Honestly, it was collective; it starts with hitting, but when they had the chance, our hitters knew what to do with the ball,” Zalewski said. “It started with the passing and ended with the hitting, so I can’t complain.” The two squads went blow for blow in the first set, as neither team was able to build a multi-point lead until reaching double digits. However, the Dragons were able to pull away at the end and take the first set. Kays coach Dennis Pommier said his team’s five missed serves in the first set were the difference. “Not only does it give [Grant Park] a point, but it also swings the momentum,” Pommier said. “Then, they started putting balls in play, giving us some free balls; we just couldn’t do anything with it.” The two biggest momentum swings of the match came one right after the other. With the Kays trailing the second set 15-11, Adeline Pereda stepped to the service line and caught fire. She picked up three aces in four serves and helped push the Kays ahead 16-15. But after a Grant Park timeout, the Dragons won two long, strenuous volleys in a row to regain a 17-16 lead that wouldn’t be relinquished. “I know that sometimes, with teams going back and forth, back and forth, you kind of lose that steam, that stamina,” Zalewski said. “I was proud that the girls kicked it into that final gear and kept playing until that whistle blew.” Pommier said he was waiting for a player to step up and become a playmaker Tuesday, and Pereda did that, but the Kays couldn’t maintain the spark she provided. “Momentum, once you get it, you can’t give it up,” Pommier said. “What Adeline did there put us ahead, and what you have to do is be able to finish the set.” The Dragons were led by a strong performance from Hadleigh Loitz, who had eight digs, eight assists, five kills and a pair of aces. Madison Meherg led the Dragons with eight kills, Sophie Nagi raked up 14 digs, and Rylee Panozzo had a pair of blocks. Pereda led the Kays with three aces, as well as picking up a team-high six assists and tying for the team lead with three kills. She was tied in kills with Aariasha Dabney, who, with Sierra Anderson, had a team-high nine digs. The Dragons improved to 1-1 and will be in action at the Manteno Early Bird Tournament at 8 a.m. Saturday. The Kays fell to 2-4 and will play in the Joliet Central Invite at 9 a.m. Saturday.	sports
China probably underreporting swine fever: U.S. Agriculture's Perdue	AMES, Iowa (Reuters) - An outbreak of African swine fever (ASF) in China’s hogs is probably bigger than what has been reported publicly, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue said on Thursday. “We think that it probably has been underreported in China - the way they’re able to control their media about that,” Perdue said at Landus Cooperative office in Ames, Iowa. China on Aug. 3 reported its first cases of the deadly ASF in Liaoning province and found another outbreak in Zhengzhou in central Henan province two weeks later. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs on Thursday said ASF has infected 185 pigs on a farm in Wuhu, in eastern Anhui province, China’s fifth outbreak of the deadly disease this month. The news has pushed up U.S. hog prices and raised concerns of the disease spreading into other parts of Asia. [LIV/] ASF has been detected in Russia and Eastern Europe as well as Africa, though never before in East Asia, and is one of the most devastating diseases to affect swine herds. It would be “devastating” if ASF entered the United States, not only for hogs but for grain handlers and farmers who grow crops used as animal feed, Perdue said. The USDA’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) is responsible for keeping out foreign animal diseases. That is why there are agricultural checks made at borders and airports, Perdue said. “We try to have a really hard line over the protections of international travel,” he said. “APHIS is on the job every day trying to keep any of that kind of thing from coming because it would be absolutely devastating.” 	agriculture
Norfolk Mother Won’t be Victimized by Rare Illness.	Inside Kaniah Gunter is a strong, healthy young girl — the person she was before she was diagnosed with a rare connective tissue disorder. Gunter, 35, has a long list of strategies to fight her pain, weakness, swelling and skin lesions, including intravenous medications, physical therapy, massage, hot baths, special soaps and lotions, singing and composing, journaling, an antioxidant-rich diet, green tea, exercise and a powerful faith in God. No less importantly, she also nurtures that inner child, which is her advice to anyone coping with a serious health issue. That has meant roller skating with her two children, playing basketball, flying kites, going on carnival rides and rolling down the big hill at Mount Trashmore Park. “I’ve been acting in ways I never thought I would again,” Gunter says. “I hadn’t skated since I was 12, but I showed my kids that Mama’s still got the moves. I like to tell them, ‘Yep, I’ve got the go-go juice today.’ If I can feel like myself again, it makes me feel like I’ve got some control of this thing.” Gunter, who lives in Norfolk, Va., has dermatomyositis, a chronic inflammatory disease in which her immune system mysteriously attacks her own skin and muscles. She also has a devastating complication called calcinosis, which is marked by the growth of hard calcium deposits inside soft tissues throughout her body that can cause crippling pain and occasionally break through her skin. Diagnosed in 2007, Gunter has a severe form of the illness, says Dr. Lisa Christopher-Stine, director of the Johns Hopkins Myositis Center and one of her doctors. The single mother already has endured several major surgeries and skin grafts on both legs to remove calcifications that left her unable to walk or even sit comfortably. Over the years, Gunter’s symptoms have included difficulty swallowing and breathing, extreme weight loss, high blood pressure, mobility issues due to poor limb extension, swollen hands, hair loss, acid reflux, skin rashes and dehydration. Some complications have required hospitalization. Yet Gunter is also one of the most upbeat patients at Johns Hopkins, where she travels every three months for intravenous treatments designed to quiet her immune system. “Her calcinosis in particular is relentless, but she won’t be victimized by it,” Christopher-Stine says. “She lives with a positive attitude and a spirit that shines through everything. She teaches us how to live, really.” Dermatomyositis — so rare it’s only diagnosed in fewer than 10 people per million each year — has no known cure. It can be progressive or suddenly flare up. Doctors sometimes can stall or reverse its advances, although they haven’t been as successful at targeting calcinosis. “The hope is that with good care, patients’ lifespans will be normal or near normal,” Christopher-Stine says. “Then the challenge becomes giving them a good quality of life as well.” Before her diagnosis, Gunter tried to deny the fatigue and pain that interfered with simple tasks such as dressing or showering. “In a split second my life changed from working, providing and taking care of my kids to my dreams being shattered,” she recalls. “I looked in the mirror and didn’t see the same person.” In 2008, Gunter enjoyed a brief remission while pregnant with her second child, son DaShuan, now 9. But the disease returned in full force in 2010, and she had to leave her job as a clinical laboratory assistant in 2012. She is now on permanent disability. A native of Virginia’s Eastern Shore, Gunter was a gifted basketball, volleyball and track athlete at Nandua High School. Determined never to forget that, she pushes herself to take even small outings such as treating DaShuan and his sister Shaniah, 15, to Tropical Smoothie. “Our mom is a fighter and strong,” says Shaniah, who herself wears a leg brace for mild cerebral palsy. “She shows us the purpose of living, making us laugh all the time. She always tells us not to be afraid and give everything your best shot.” Gunter has learned to advocate for herself, researching her illness and lining up tests; educating family, friends and anyone who will listen; and finding the best doctors to help her attack it. Her team includes physicians at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital and George Washington Medical Faculty Associates in Washington, D.C. For the moment, her disease is mostly in remission. Each day is about wellness, often starting with morning worship music. Gunter drinks mostly water, eats fruits and vegetables that fight inflammation, does walks or 45-minute treadmill sessions several times a week and always wears sunscreen and hats to protect her fragile skin. While she can’t use makeup, she can do her hair and dress well. “I have scars, and I wear them really well,” she says. “I see beauty now.” The girl inside hasn’t given up. “I can say I’m moving forward, because I am facing this head on and living,” Gunter says. “I feel this has set me free from hardships, stress, depression, pain, fear and worrying. Even if my disease ever beats me down, I’ve already won.” 	null
New tariffs on building materials have owners revising construction contracts	The United States' strong economy and consumers' demand for residential, commercial and industrial projects have provided the construction industry with ample development opportunities. However, President Trump's new tariffs and ongoing trade negotiations concerning building commodities like steel, aluminum and lumber have resulted in uncertain market conditions, which make it nearly impossible for owners, developers, contractors and suppliers to accurately analyze and allocate risks during contract negotiations. This article provides owners and developers with a brief overview of the new tariffs on building materials and the key contract provisions they should review and revise to hedge against the risks associated with the uncertain market conditions. By way of background, on March 8 President Trump issued proclamations 9704 and 9705 on adjusting imports of steel and aluminum into the U.S. under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, providing for additional import duties for steel and aluminum products, effective March 23. On April 30, the President issued proclamations 9739 and 9740. Notably, Trump's trade negotiations have resulted in a 25 percent duty for certain steel products, and a 10 percent duty for certain aluminum products. Generally, second quarter earnings reports showed that domestic manufacturers and suppliers benefited from the tariffs because of the increased demand and price of their products. Likewise, downstream parties are still showing healthy growth margins despite the tariffs and increased labor and transportation costs. Regardless, project owners and developers are wary of these developments and naturally want to understand how provisions in their construction contracts can mitigate risks regarding sudden changes in market conditions and escalating material costs. Developers should pay special attention to the price escalation, change-of-law, and force majeure provisions in their construction contracts. Traditionally, contractors have employed these provisions for their own benefit. However, these provisions can and should be revised to protect the interests of owners and developers given ongoing trade negotiations. The time spent considering the allocation of risk under these provisions will likely pay great dividends in the future, especially if the price of materials continues to be volatile as we progress into the third quarter. Escalation clauses are a developer's first defense to dramatic changes in the price of materials. Most veteran developers first encountered escalation clauses after the price of oil increased 260 percent between September 1973 and March 1974. In response, escalation clauses became common place in many construction contracts. Since then, these provisions have been popularized by their ability to hedge against spikes in the cost of steel, wages and asphalt. While the organization and operation of these clauses vary, escalation clauses generally operate to increase the contract price for materials based on either the difference between the bid price and the final price or a previously selected price index, such as the consumer price index. Parties on both sides can benefit from the application of an escalation clause because it allocates risk and increases predictability in the face of changing market conditions. However, escalation clauses usually serve the interests of the contractor. To counter, developers should aggressively negotiate for minimum and maximum limits on escalation. Then the contractor will bear the risk for all price increases within a certain range, and the owner will be protected from exorbitant price jumps. Change-of-law clauses Change-of-law clauses may also be used to defend against significant changes in the price of materials after construction has started. Most major form documents do not address subsequent changes in applicable laws. Generally, all major construction contracts should include a change-of-law clause to allocate the risk of price escalation because of newly enacted tariffs that increase the price of building materials. Developers should work with their attorneys to draft a broad definition for change-of-law that encapsulates more than the status quo. The best definitions consider changes in all laws — at the city, county, state, federal and international levels — by implementing language like “all statutes and regulations applicable to the project.” If drafted correctly, the party asserting the provision will have a colorable argument that the at-risk party bears the burden of price escalation. In addition to the broad definition, developers should be sure to include language that defines when the risk allocation takes effect. The best effective dates for change-of-law clauses are either post-bid or post-execution because they are nearest in time to the date of the bids the parties relied on when negotiating the contract. Typically, force majeure clauses allocate risk between the parties by allowing a contractor to either suspend or terminate its performance under a contract because of an “unanticipated” or “unforeseeable” event, such as acts of God, wars, strikes, government actions and tariffs. Like the change-of-law provision, broad language should be implemented to capture all force majeure events, including the imposition of new tariffs on materials from foreign countries. In addition, developers should check to see if the force majeure clause provides the invoking party with only more time, as opposed to more money. Obviously, in the case of a new tariff, the parties will be focused on the latter. Early in the contract negotiation process, developers should consult with their attorneys about the status of current and pending tariffs, and how to revise the provisions in their construction contracts to combat changing market conditions that could potentially derail an otherwise successful project. When escalation, change-of-law and force majeure provisions allocate risk correctly, developers can continue to meet the market's increasing demand for property developments. Seasoned developers know that successful contract administration and project completion is dependent on the quality of the original contract documents. Carefully crafted construction contracts should be treated just like any other investment in the project to ensure a favorable result for all parties involved. Loni L. Hinton is an associate attorney in Stoel Rives' Seattle office and practices with the firm's Construction and Design group. Hinton assists clients with risk management, contract drafting and negotiation, course of construction disputes, and construction defect claims. 	construction
Jacobs announces funding for Buffalo & Erie County Public Libraries	New York State Sen. Chris Jacobs announced he has secured $120,000 in state funding for the 12 branch libraries in the 60th Senate District. This funding will support program upgrades, additional supplies, and other improvements that will enhance the educational impact of these libraries on youth in these communities. This is the second consecutive year Jacobs has been able to secure library funding, resulting in a cumulative total of Senate funding and competitive state aid of more than $330,000 for libraries in the 60th Senate District. "Libraries do so much to enhance the quality of life and learning for residents of all ages that their continued support must be a priority," Jacobs said. "From preserving our history to opening up new worlds, libraries are critically important institutions in our community and a mainstay of our society's educational framework." The senator was joined at the press conference by Buffalo & Erie County Public Library System Director Mary Jean Jakubowski, whose Crane, Niagara, North Park and Riverside branch libraries are receiving funding. Representatives were also present from member libraries receiving funding, including the Angola Public Library, City of Tonawanda Public Library, Grand Island Memorial Library, Hamburg Public Library and its Lakeshore Branch, Orchard Park Public Library as well as the Kenmore and Kenilworth Town of Tonawanda Public Libraries. "On behalf of the libraries in Sen. Jacobs' 60th district, I am so pleased that he has, for the second consecutive year, secured an additional $10,000 for each location," Jakubowski said. "The community truly benefits from this generous support, which will be used toward kid-friendly furniture, coding technology equipment for public programs, new book drop boxes and so much more." The funding to the libraries comes in the form of unrestricted aid, meaning staffers will have the discretion to use these funds for programming, capital expenses, new initiatives, technology and computer upgrades or additions to their respective collections. In addition to the education funding Jacobs secured, the 2018 Library Construction Funding Program Awards in the current budget were also recently announced. The Hamburg-Lakeshore Public Library will receive $48,538 to replace the building's HVAC system. The Kenmore Branch Library in the Town of Tonawanda will receive $20,991 to replace and upgrade its electrical service, and the Niagara Branch Library will use $7,317 to add digital cameras and a network video recorder security system. "For almost 200 years, our library system has protected our public right to information while storing our community's knowledge and ensuring everyone has access to it," Jacobs said. "I am pleased that this funding will enable the library system to continue to promote the values of cooperation and sharing, and I look forward to seeing the impact these funds will have in individual branches."	construction
PennEnergy Resources to Acquire the Assets of Rex Energy 	PITTSBURGH--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug 30, 2018--PennEnergy Resources, LLC (“PennEnergy” or the “Company”) has agreed to acquire substantially all the assets of Rex Energy Corporation (“Rex”) for a cash pur... AdChoices 1 2 3 YOU MAY LIKE Sponsored Links by Microsoft Savvy Americans are moving their money to these banks MSN Money This Card Has Unreal Perks NextAdvisor Forget Amazon! Here’s a Better Stock to Buy The Motley Fool 	construction
Cosmodyne chosen for multiple liquefaction projects	SEAL BEACH, Calif.,  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cosmodyne has been chosen for multiple liquefaction projects by a North American utility company. This award underlines Cosmodyne’s focus and strength in serving the utility peak shaving market. In these latest projects, Cosmodyne will contract directly with the utility company and work alongside their EPC to execute the project. This strategy provides the client both maximum savings and an efficient pathway to executing the projects while allowing direct line-of-sight to decisions on the technology being provided. The peak shaver that Cosmodyne will be providing consists of a highly-efficient LINEX nitrogen expansion liquefaction system. This utilizes our in-house ACD turboexpander technology and proprietary ethane removal system which can handle a wide range of gas compositions. The equipment will be fabricated predominantly at our Cryoquip facility in California. “We are especially excited about this project. Traditionally, utilities prefer a turn-key approach to minimize risk, but lately we are seeing more interest in purchasing equipment directly. All of our air separation plants are sold to gas companies so Cosmodyne has experience with both turn-key and direct sale approaches,” says George Pappagelis, Cosmodyne General Manager. 	construction
The 'Real Names' of Your Favorite Rappers Are Revealed by This Ridiculous Meme	Your favorite rap stars are living a lie. To put it plainly, their names aren't real. Cardi B, sadly, wasn't named Cardi B at birth. Nor was Lil' Uzi Vert named after his grandfather. We know this now through an excellent meme that's been making the rounds on Twitter, illuminating the truth behind every celebrity's artificially-enhanced moniker.  The meme provides a silly, elongated version of the celebrity's shorter, popularized name, as if it were a proper name. There's a specific emphasis on rappers, because the modern MC readily lends itself to the exercise.  The meme's roots date back to 2014, according to Know Your Meme. It first emerged in a tweet from @MatCro, who in a stroke of genius planted the seeds for what would one today blossom into a formidable meme. Later, the meme emerged on Reddit, where people would use names to describe everyday inanimate objects (i.e. "Offset" = Office Supplies).  Now the meme has reared its head yet again, revealing the truth behind our most cherished entertainers' names and their etymological origins.  For instance, the great Cardi B (real name: Belcalis Almanzar): Sis somebody said your real name was Cardigan Backyardigan and I ain’t been right since 😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/DYgr8l2TgM Or Bow Wow (formerly Lil' Bow Wow, real name: Shad Gregor Moss):  The list goes on:  Now those who use Twitter as their greatest educational resource are better informed than before.  h/t Mashable  Sign up here for our daily Thrillist email and subscribe here for our YouTube channel to get your fix of the best in food/drink/fun.	null
